1:1 最开始的时候，道就在那里了。
In the beginning, the Word already existed.

1:1 道和神在一起。
The Word was with God.

1:1 道就是神。
The Word was God.

1:2 从开始的时候，道就和神在一起。
From the beginning, the Word was with God.

1:3 神用道做了所有的东西。
God made all things through the Word.

1:3 没有道，神什么东西都没有做。
Without the Word, God did not make anything.

1:4 道里面有生命。
Life was in the Word.

1:4 这生命是给所有人的光。
This life was the light for all people.

1:5 光在黑里面照着，黑不能把光关掉。
The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness cannot put it out.

1:6 神差了一个人来，他的名字叫约翰。
God sent a man named John.

1:7 他来是要告诉人那光的事，让所有人可以信。
He came to tell people about the light so that all might believe.

1:8 约翰自己不是那光，他来是要告诉人那光的事。
John himself was not the light; he came to tell people about the light.

1:9 真的光来到世上，照着每一个人。
The true light came into the world and shines on everyone.

1:10 道在世上，世界是他做的，可是世上的人不认识他。
The Word was in the world, and the world was made through him, but the people in the world did not recognize him.

1:11 他来到自己的地方，可是自己的人不要他。
He came to his own, but his own people did not accept him.

1:12 有的人要他，他们信他。
Some people did accept him and believed in him.

1:12 他就给他们一个权，让他们可以做神的儿女。
He gave them the right to become children of God.

1:13 他们不是从血生的，不是从人的身体的想要生的，也不是从人的意思生的，他们是从神生的。
They were not born by blood, nor by human desire, nor by human will, but were born of God.

1:14 道成了人，住在我们中间。
The Word became a human and lived among us.

1:14 他很有恩典，也很有真。
He was full of grace and truth.

1:14 我们看见了他的大光。
We saw his glory.

1:14 他是父的一个真儿子，所以有那样的大光。
He was the only Son of the Father, and that is why he had such glory.

1:15 约翰告诉人他的事，大声说："这就是我说过的那个人：'他在我后面来，可是他比我更大，因为他本来就在我前面。"
John told people about him and cried out, "This is the one I spoke about: 'He who comes after me is greater than me, for he was before me.'"

2:1 两天以后，在加利利的迦拿有一个结婚的大会。
Two days later, there was a wedding in Cana of Galilee.

2:1 耶稣的母亲在那里。
Jesus' mother was there.

2:2 有人请耶稣和他的门徒也来赴宴。
They invited Jesus and his disciples to the wedding feast.

2:3 酒用完了，耶稣的母亲对他说："他们没有酒了。"
When the wine ran out, Jesus' mother said to him, "They have no wine."

2:4 耶稣说："母亲，这与你我有什么关系？我的时候还没有到。"
Jesus said, "Woman, what does this have to do with you and me? My hour has not yet come."

2:5 他母亲对用人说："他告诉你们什么，你们就做什么。"
His mother said to the servants, "Whatever he tells you, do it."

2:6 照犹太人洁净的规矩，那里有六口石缸，每口可以盛两三桶水。
According to Jewish purification customs, there were six stone jars there, each holding twenty or thirty gallons of water.

2:7 耶稣对用人说："把缸倒满了水。"他们就倒满了，直到缸口。
Jesus said to the servants, "Fill the jars with water." They filled them to the brim.

2:8 耶稣又说："现在从缸里舀出来，送给管筵席的。"他们就送了去。
Jesus said again, "Now draw some out and take it to the headwaiter." They did so.

2:9 管筵席的尝了那水变的酒，不知道是哪里来的，只有舀水的用人知道。
The headwaiter tasted the water that had become wine, not knowing where it came from, though the servants who had drawn the water knew.

2:10 管筵席的叫了新郎来，对他说："人都是先摆上好酒，等客人喝足了，才摆上次的；你倒把好酒留到如今！"
The headwaiter called the bridegroom and said, "Everyone serves the good wine first, and when people have drunk freely, then the poorer wine. But you have kept the good wine until now."

2:11 这是耶稣所行的第一个神迹，是在加利利的迦拿行的，显出他的荣耀来，他的门徒就信他了。
This was the first of Jesus' signs, done in Cana of Galilee, and revealed his glory; and his disciples believed in him.

2:12 这事以后，耶稣和母亲、弟兄、门徒都下到加利利去，在那里住了几天。
After this, Jesus went down to Capernaum with his mother, his brothers, and his disciples, and they stayed there a few days.

2:13 犹太人的逾越节近了，耶稣就上耶路撒冷去。
The Passover of the Jews was near, so Jesus went up to Jerusalem.

2:14 看见殿里有卖牛羊鸽子的，并有兑换银钱的人坐在那里。
He found in the temple those who sold oxen, sheep, and doves, and the money changers seated there.

2:15 耶稣就用绳子做成鞭子，把他们都赶出殿去，也把牛羊赶出，倒出兑换银钱之人的银钱，推翻他们的桌子。
Jesus made a whip of cords and drove them all out of the temple, along with the sheep and oxen. He poured out the money changers' coins and overturned their tables.

2:16 又对卖鸽子的人说："把这些东西拿去！不要将我父的 house 作买卖的地方。"
He told those who sold doves, "Take these things away! Do not make my Father's house a marketplace."

2:17 他的门徒就想起了经上记着说："我为你的 house 心里焦急，如同火烧。"
His disciples remembered that it was written, "Zeal for your house will consume me."

2:18 因此犹太人问他说："你既作这些事，还显什么神迹给我们看呢？"
So the Jews said to him, "What sign do you show us, since you are doing these things?"

2:19 耶稣回答说："你们拆毁这殿，我三日内要再建立起来。"
Jesus answered, "Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up."

2:20 犹太人便说："这殿是四十六年才造成的，你三日内就再建立起来吗？"
The Jews then said, "It has taken forty-six years to build this temple, and will you raise it up in three days?"

2:21 但耶稣这话是以他的 body 为殿。
But he was speaking about the temple of his body.

2:22 所以到他从死里复活以后，门徒就想起了他说这话，便信了圣经和耶稣所说的话。
After he was raised from the dead, his disciples remembered that he had said this, and they believed the Scripture and the word that Jesus had spoken.

2:23 当耶稣在耶路撒冷过逾越节的时候，有许多人看见他所行的神迹，就信了他的名。
Now when he was in Jerusalem at the Passover Feast, many believed in his name when they saw the signs he was doing.

2:24 耶稣却不将自己交托他们，因为他知道万人，
But Jesus on his part did not entrust himself to them, because he knew all people

2:25 也用不着谁见证人怎样，因他知道人心里所存的。
and needed no one to bear witness about man, for he himself knew what was in man.

3:1 有一个法利赛人，名字叫尼哥底母，是犹太人的一个大人。
Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews.

3:2 这人夜里来见耶稣，对他说："拉比，我们知道你是由神那里来作师傅的，因为你所行的神迹，若没有神同在，无人能行。"
This man came to Jesus by night and said to him, "Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him."

3:3 耶稣回答说："我实实在在地告诉你，人若不重生，就不能见神的国。"
Jesus answered him, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God."

3:4 尼哥底母说："人已经老了，如何能重生呢？岂能再进母腹生出来吗？"
Nicodemus said to him, "How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?"

3:5 耶稣说："我实实在在地告诉你，人若不是从水和圣灵生的，就不能进神的国。
Jesus answered, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.

3:6 从肉身生的就是肉身；从灵生的就是灵。
That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.

3:7 我说：'你们必须重生'，你不要以为希奇。
Do not marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born again.'

3:8 风随着意思吹，你听见风的响声，却不晓得从哪里来，往哪里去；凡从圣灵生的，也是如此。"
The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit."

3:9 尼哥底母问他说："怎能有这事呢？"
Nicodemus said to him, "How can these things be?"

3:10 耶稣回答说："你是以色列人的先生，还不明白这事吗？
Jesus answered him, "Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things?

3:11 我实实在在地告诉你，我们知道我们所说的，我们见证我们所见证的；你们却不领受我们的见证。
Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony.

3:12 我对你们说地上的事，你们尚且不信，若说天上的事，如何能信呢？
If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things?

3:13 除了从天降下、仍旧在天的人子，没有人升过天。
No one has ascended into heaven except he who descended from heaven, the Son of Man.

3:14 摩西在旷野怎样举蛇，人子也必照样被举起来，
And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, so must the Son of Man be lifted up,

3:15 叫一切信他的都得永生。
that whoever believes in him may have eternal life."

3:16 神爱世人，甚至将他的独生子赐给他们，叫一切信他的人不至灭亡，反得永生。
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.

3:17 因为神差他的儿子到世上来，不是要定世人的罪，乃是要叫世人因他得救。
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but in order that the world might be saved through him.

3:18 信他的人，不被定罪；不信的人，罪已经定了，因为他不信神独生子的名。
Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God.

3:19 这就是审判：光来到世间，世人因自己的行为是恶的，不爱光，倒爱黑暗。
And this is the judgment: the light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the light because their works were evil.

3:20 凡作恶的便恨光，并不来就光，恐怕他的行为受责备；
For everyone who does wicked things hates the light and does not come to the light, lest his works should be exposed.

3:21 但行真理的必来就光，要显明他所行的是靠神而行。"
But whoever does what is true comes to the light, so that it may be plainly seen that his works have been carried out in God."

4:1 法利赛人听说耶稣收的跟他的人比约翰多，给人洗也比约翰多。
Now when the Pharisees heard that Jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than John

4:2 （其实耶稣没有亲手给人洗，而是他的门徒给人洗），
(although Jesus himself did not baptize, but only his disciples),

4:3 他就离开犹太，又往加利利去。
he left Judea and departed again for Galilee.

4:4 必须经过撒玛利亚，
He had to pass through Samaria.

4:5 于是到了撒玛利亚的一座城，名叫叙加，靠近雅各给他儿子约瑟的那块地。
So he came to a town of Samaria called Sychar, near the field that Jacob had given to his son Joseph.

4:6 那里有雅各井。耶稣因走路困乏，就坐在井旁；那时约有午正。
Jacob's well was there; so Jesus, wearied as he was from his journey, was sitting beside the well. It was about the sixth hour.

4:7 有一个撒玛利亚的妇人来打水，耶稣对她说："请你给我水喝。"
A woman from Samaria came to draw water. Jesus said to her, "Give me a drink."

4:8 那时门徒进城买食物去了。
(His disciples had gone away into the city to buy food.)

4:9 撒玛利亚的妇人对他说："你既是犹太人，怎么向我一个撒玛利亚妇人要水喝呢？"原来犹太人和撒玛利亚人没有来往。
The Samaritan woman said to him, "How is it that you, a Jew, ask for a drink from me, a woman of Samaria?" (For Jews have no dealings with Samaritans.)

4:10 耶稣回答说："你若知道神的恩赐，和对你说'给我水喝'的是谁，你必早求他，他也必早给了你活水。"
Jesus answered her, "If you knew the gift of God, and who it is that is saying to you, 'Give me a drink,' you would have asked him, and he would have given you living water."

4:11 妇人说："先生，没有打水的器具，井又深，你从哪里得活水呢？
The woman said to him, "Sir, you have nothing to draw water with, and the well is deep. Where do you get that living water?

4:12 我们的祖宗雅各将这井留给我们，他自己和儿子并牲畜也都喝这井里的水，难道你比他还大吗？"
Are you greater than our father Jacob? He gave us the well and drank from it himself, as did his sons and his livestock."

4:13 耶稣回答说："凡喝这水的，还要再渴；
Jesus said to her, "Everyone who drinks of this water will be thirsty again,

4:14 人若喝我所赐的水就永远不渴；我所赐的水要在他里头成为泉源，直涌到永生。"
but whoever drinks of the water that I will give him will never be thirsty again. The water that I will give him will become in him a spring of water welling up to eternal life."

4:15 妇人说："先生，请把这水赐给我，叫我不渴，也不用来这么远打水。"
The woman said to him, "Sir, give me this water, so that I will not be thirsty or have to come here to draw water."

4:16 耶稣说："你去叫你丈夫也到这里来。"
Jesus said to her, "Go, call your husband, and come here."

4:17 妇人说："我没有丈夫。"耶稣说："你说没有丈夫，是不错的。
The woman answered him, "I have no husband." Jesus said to her, "You are right in saying, 'I have no husband';

4:18 你已经有五个丈夫，你现在有的，并不是你的丈夫，你这话是真的。"
for you have had five husbands, and the one you now have is not your husband; this you have said truly."

4:19 妇人说："先生，我看出你是先知。
The woman said to him, "Sir, I perceive that you are a prophet.

4:20 我们的祖宗在这山上礼拜，你们倒说，应当礼拜的地方是在耶路撒冷。"
Our fathers worshiped on this mountain, but you say that in Jerusalem is the place where people ought to worship."

4:21 耶稣说："妇人，你当信我，时候将到，你们拜父，也不在这山上，也不在耶路撒冷。
Jesus said to her, "Woman, believe me, the hour is coming when neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem will you worship the Father.

4:22 你们所拜的，你们不知道；我们所拜的，我们知道，因为救恩是从犹太人出来的。
You worship what you do not know; we worship what we know, for salvation is from the Jews.

4:23 时候将到，如今就是了，那真正拜父的，要用心灵和诚实拜他，因为父要这样的人拜他。
But the hour is coming, and is now here, when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth, for the Father is seeking such people to worship him.

4:24 神是个灵，所以拜他的必须用心灵和诚实拜他。"
God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and truth."

4:25 妇人说："我知道弥赛亚（就是那称为基督的）要来，他来了，必将一切的事都告诉我们。"
The woman said to him, "I know that Messiah is coming (he who is called Christ). When he comes, he will tell us all things."

4:26 耶稣说："这和你说话的就是他。"
Jesus said to her, "I who speak to you am he."

4:27 那时，门徒回来，就希奇耶稣和一个妇人说话；只是没有人说："你是要什么？"或说："你为什么和她说话？"
Just then his disciples came back. They marveled that he was talking with a woman, but no one said, "What do you seek?" or, "Why are you talking with her?"

4:28 那妇人就留下水罐子，往城里去，对众人说：
So the woman left her water jar and went away into the city and said to the people,

4:29 "你们来看！有一个人将我素来所行的一切事都给我说出来了，莫非这就是基督吗？"
"Come, see a man who told me all that I ever did. Can this be the Christ?"

4:30 众人就出城，往耶稣那里去。
They went out of the town and were coming to him.

4:31 这其间，门徒对耶稣说："拉比，请吃。"
Meanwhile the disciples were urging him, saying, "Rabbi, eat."

4:32 耶稣说："我有食物吃，是你们不知道的。"
But he said to them, "I have food to eat that you do not know about."

4:33 门徒就彼此相问说："莫非有人拿什么给他吃吗？"
So the disciples said to one another, "Has anyone brought him something to eat?"

4:34 耶稣说："我的食物就是遵行差我来者的旨意，做成他的工。
Jesus said to them, "My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to accomplish his work.

4:35 你们岂不对我说：'到收割的时候还有四个月'吗？我告诉你们，举目向田观看，庄稼已经熟了，可以收割了。
Do you not say, 'There are yet four months, then comes the harvest'? Look, I tell you, lift up your eyes, and see that the fields are white for harvest.

4:36 收割的人得工价，积蓄五谷到永生，叫撒种的和收割的一同快乐。
The one who reaps receives wages and gathers fruit for eternal life, so that the sower and reaper may rejoice together.

4:37 俗语说：'那人撒种，这人收割'，这话可见的了。
For here the saying holds true, 'One sows and another reaps.'

4:38 我差你们去收你们所没有劳苦的；别人劳苦，你们享受他们所劳苦的。"
I sent you to reap that for which you did not labor. Others have labored, and you have entered into their labor."

4:39 那城里有好些撒玛利亚人信了耶稣，因为那妇人作见证说："他将我素来所行的一切事都给我说出来了。"
Many Samaritans from that town believed in him because of the woman's testimony, "He told me all that I ever did."

4:40 于是撒玛利亚人来见耶稣，求他在他们那里住下，他便在那里住了两天。
So when the Samaritans came to him, they asked him to stay with them, and he stayed there two days.

4:41 因耶稣的话，信的人就更多了，
And many more believed because of his word.

4:42 便对妇人说："现在我们信，不是因为你的话，是我们亲自听见了，知道这真是救世主。"
They said to the woman, "It is no longer because of what you said that we believe, for we have heard for ourselves, and we know that this is indeed the Savior of the world."

5:1 这事以后，到了犹太人的一个节日，耶稣就上耶路撒冷去。
After this there was a feast of the Jews, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.

5:2 在耶路撒冷，靠近羊门有一个池子，希伯来话叫作毕士大，旁边有五个廊子。
Now there is in Jerusalem by the Sheep Gate a pool, in Hebrew called Bethesda, which has five roofed colonnades.

5:3 里面躺着瞎眼的、瘸腿的、血气枯干的许多病人。
In these lay a multitude of invalids—blind, lame, and paralyzed.

5:4 因为有使者按时下池子搅动那水，水动之后，谁先下去，无论患什么病就痊愈了。
For an angel of the Lord went down at certain seasons into the pool and stirred up the water. Whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was healed, no matter what disease he had.

5:5 在那里有一个人，病了三十八年。
One man was there who had been an invalid for thirty-eight years.

5:6 耶稣看见他躺着，知道他病了许久，就问他说："你要痊愈吗？"
When Jesus saw him lying there and knew that he had already been there a long time, he said to him, "Do you want to be healed?"

5:7 病人回答说："先生，水动的时候，没有人把我放在池子里；我正去的时候，就有别人比我先下去。"
The sick man answered him, "Sir, I have no one to put me into the pool when the water is stirred up, and while I am going down someone else steps in before me."

5:8 耶稣对他说："起来，拿你的褥子走吧！"
Jesus said to him, "Get up, take up your bed, and walk."

5:9 那人立刻痊愈，就拿起褥子来走了。那天是安息日。
And at once the man was healed, and he took up his bed and walked. Now that day was a Sabbath.

5:10 犹太人对那痊愈的人说："今天是安息日，你拿褥子是不可的。"
So the Jews said to the man who had been healed, "It is the Sabbath, and it is not lawful for you to take up your bed."

5:11 他却回答说："那使我痊愈的，对我说：'拿你的褥子走吧！'"
But he answered them, "The man who healed me, that same man said to me, 'Take up your bed and walk.'"

5:12 他们问他说："对你说'拿褥子走'的是什么人？"
They asked him, "Who is the man who said to you, 'Take up your bed and walk'?"

5:13 那医好的人不知道是谁，因为那里的人多，耶稣已经躲开了。
Now the man who had been healed did not know who it was, for Jesus had withdrawn, as there was a crowd in the place.

5:14 过了不多的时候，耶稣在殿里遇见他，对他说："你已经痊愈了，不要再犯罪，恐怕你遭遇的更加利害。"
Afterward Jesus found him in the temple and said to him, "See, you are well! Sin no more, that nothing worse may happen to you."

5:15 那人就去告诉犹太人，使他痊愈的是耶稣。
The man went away and told the Jews that it was Jesus who had healed him.

5:16 为此，犹太人逼迫耶稣，因为他在安息日作了这事。
And this was why the Jews were persecuting Jesus, because he was doing these things on the Sabbath.

5:17 耶稣就对他们说："我父作事直到如今，我也作事。"
But Jesus answered them, "My Father is working until now, and I am working."

5:18 所以犹太人越发想要杀他，因他不但犯了安息日，并且称神为他的父，将自己和神当作平等。
This was why the Jews were seeking all the more to kill him, because not only was he breaking the Sabbath, but he was even calling God his own Father, making himself equal with God.

5:19 耶稣对他们说："我实实在在地告诉你们，子凭着自己不能作什么，惟有看见父所作的，子才能作；父所作的事，子也照样作。
So Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, the Son can do nothing of his own accord, but only what he sees the Father doing. For whatever the Father does, that the Son does likewise.

5:20 父爱子，将自己所作的一切事指给他看，还要将比这更大的事指给他看，叫你们希奇。
For the Father loves the Son and shows him all that he himself is doing. And greater works than these will he show him, so that you may marvel.

5:21 父怎样叫死人复活，使他们活着，子也照样随自己的意思使人活着。
For as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, so also the Son gives life to whom he will.

5:22 父不审判什么人，乃将审判的事全交与子，
For the Father judges no one, but has given all judgment to the Son,

5:23 叫人都尊敬子如同尊敬父一样。不尊敬子的，就是不尊敬差子来的父。
that all may honor the Son, just as they honor the Father. Whoever does not honor the Son does not honor the Father who sent him.

5:24 我实实在在地告诉你们，那听我话、又信差我来者的，就有永生；不至于定罪，是已经出死入生了。
Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life. He does not come into judgment, but has passed from death to life.

5:25 我实实在在地告诉你们，时候将到，现在就是了，死人要听见神儿子的声音，听见的人就要活了。
"Truly, truly, I say to you, an hour is coming, and is now here, when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God, and those who hear will live.

5:26 因为父怎样在自己有生命，就赐给子也照样在自己有生命，
For as the Father has life in himself, so he has granted the Son also to have life in himself.

5:27 并且因为他是人子，就赐给他行审判的权柄。
And he has given him authority to execute judgment, because he is the Son of Man.

5:28 你们不要把这事看作希奇。时候将到，凡在坟墓里的，都要听见他的声音，就出来：
Do not marvel at this, for an hour is coming when all who are in the tombs will hear his voice

5:29 行善的，复活得生；作恶的，复活定罪。
and come out, those who have done good to the resurrection of life, and those who have done evil to the resurrection of judgment.

5:30 我凭着自己不能作什么，我怎么听见就怎么审判。我的审判也是公平的，因为我不求自己的意思，只求那差我来者的意思。"
"I can do nothing on my own. As I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just, because I seek not my own will but the will of him who sent me."

5:31 我若为自己作见证，我的见证就不真。
"If I alone bear witness about myself, my testimony is not true.

5:32 另有一位给我作见证，我也知道他给我作的见证是真的。
There is another who bears witness about me, and I know that the testimony that he bears about me is true.

5:33 你们曾差人到约翰那里，他为真理作过见证。
You sent messengers to John, and he has borne witness to the truth.

5:34 其实我所受的见证不是从人来的；但我说这些话，为要叫你们得救。
But I do not receive testimony from man, but I say these things so that you may be saved.

5:35 约翰点着的明灯，你们情愿暂时喜欢他的光。
He was a burning and shining lamp, and you were willing to rejoice for a while in his light.

5:36 但我有比约翰更大的见证，因为父交给我要我成就的事，就是我所作的事，这便见证我是父所差来的。
But the testimony that I have is greater than that of John. For the works that the Father has given me to accomplish, the very works that I am doing, bear witness about me that the Father has sent me.

5:37 差我来的父也为我作过见证。你们从来没有听见他的声音，也没有看见他的形像。
And the Father who sent me has himself borne witness about me. His voice you have never heard, nor have you seen his form,

5:38 你们并没有他的道存在心里，因为你们不信他所差来的那一位。
and you do not have his word abiding in you, for you do not believe the one whom he has sent.

5:39 你们查考圣经，因你们以为内中有永生；给我作见证的就是这经。
You search the Scriptures because you think that in them you have eternal life; and it is they that bear witness about me,

5:40 然而，你们不肯到我这里来得生命。
yet you refuse to come to me that you may have life.

5:41 我不受从人来的荣耀，
I do not receive glory from people.

5:42 但我知道你们心里没有神的爱。
But I know that you do not have the love of God within you.

5:43 我奉我父的名来，你们并不接待我；若有别人奉自己的名来，你们倒要接待他。
I have come in my Father's name, and you do not receive me. If another comes in his own name, you will receive him.

5:44 你们互相受荣耀，却不求从独一之神来的荣耀，怎能信我呢？
How can you believe, when you receive glory from one another and do not seek the glory that comes from the only God?

5:45 不要想我在父面前要告你们，有一位告你们的，就是你们所仰赖的摩西。
Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father. There is one who accuses you: Moses, on whom you have set your hope.

5:46 你们如果信摩西，也必信我，因为他书上有指着我写的话。
For if you believed Moses, you would believe me; for he wrote of me.

5:47 你们若不信他的书，怎能信我的话呢？"
But if you do not believe his writings, how will you believe my words?"

6:1 这事以后，耶稣过了加利利海，也叫提比哩亚海。
After this Jesus went away to the other side of the Sea of Galilee, which is the Sea of Tiberias.

6:2 有许多人因为看见他在病人身上所行的神迹，就跟随他。
A large crowd followed him, because they saw the signs that he was doing on the sick people.

6:3 耶稣上了山，和门徒一同坐在那里。
Jesus went up on the mountain, and there he sat with his disciples.

6:4 那时犹太人的逾越节近了。
Now the Passover, the feast of the Jews, was at hand.

6:5 耶稣举目看见许多人来，就对腓力说："我们从哪里买饼叫这些人吃呢？"
Lifting up his eyes, then, and seeing that a large crowd was coming toward him, Jesus said to Philip, "Where are we to buy bread, so that these people may eat?"

6:6 他说这话是要试验腓力，他自己原知道要怎样行。
He said this to test him, for he himself knew what he would do.

6:7 腓力回答说："就是二十两银子的饼，叫他们各人吃一点也是不够的。"
Philip answered him, "Two hundred denarii worth of bread would not be enough for each of them to get a little."

6:8 有一个门徒，就是西门彼得的兄弟安得烈，对耶稣说：
One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,

6:9 "这里有一个孩童，带着五个大麦饼、两条鱼，只是分给这许多人还算什么呢？"
"There is a boy here who has five barley loaves and two fish, but what are they for so many people?"

6:10 耶稣说："你们叫众人坐下。"原来那地方的草多，众人就坐下，数目约有五千。
Jesus said, "Have the people sit down." Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, about five thousand in number.

6:11 耶稣拿起饼来，祝谢了，就分给那坐着的人，分鱼也是这样，都随着他们所要的。
Jesus then took the loaves, and when he had given thanks, he distributed them to those who were seated. So also the fish, as much as they wanted.

6:12 他们吃饱了，耶稣对门徒说："把剩下的零碎收拾起来，免得有糟蹋的。"
And when they had eaten their fill, he told his disciples, "Gather up the leftover fragments, that nothing may be lost."

6:13 他们便将那五个大麦饼的零碎，就是众人吃了剩下的，收拾起来，装满了十二个篮子。
So they gathered them up and filled twelve baskets with fragments from the five barley loaves left by those who had eaten.

6:14 众人看见耶稣所行的神迹，就说："这真是那要到世间来的先知！"
When the people saw the sign that he had done, they said, "This is indeed the Prophet who is to come into the world!"

6:15 耶稣既知道众人要来强逼他作王，就独自又退到山上去了。
Perceiving then that they were about to come and take him by force to make him king, Jesus withdrew again to the mountain by himself.

6:16 到了晚上，他的门徒下海边去，
When evening came, his disciples went down to the sea,

6:17 上了船，要过海往迦百农去。天已经黑了，耶稣还没有来到他们那里。
got into a boat, and set off across the sea toward Capernaum. It was now dark, and Jesus had not yet come to them.

6:18 忽然狂风大作，海就翻腾起来。
The sea became rough because a strong wind was blowing.

6:19 门徒摇橹，约行了十里多路，看见耶稣在海面上走，渐渐近了船，他们就害怕。
When they had rowed about three or four miles, they saw Jesus walking on the sea and coming near the boat, and they were frightened.

6:20 耶稣对他们说："是我，不要怕！"
But he said to them, "It is I; do not be afraid."

6:21 门徒就喜欢接他上船，船立时到了他们所要去的地方。
Then they were glad to take him into the boat, and immediately the boat was at the land to which they were going.

6:22 第二日，站在海那边的众人知道那里没有别的船，只有一只小船；又知道耶稣没有同他的门徒上船，乃是门徒自己去的。
On the next day, when the crowd that remained on the other side of the sea saw that there had been only one boat there, and that Jesus had not entered the boat with his disciples, but that his disciples had gone away alone,

6:23 然而有几只小船从提比哩亚来，靠近主祝谢后分饼给人吃的地方。
some boats from Tiberias came near the place where they had eaten the bread after the Lord had given thanks.

6:24 众人见耶稣和门徒都不在那里，就都上了船，往迦百农去找耶稣。
So when the crowd saw that Jesus was not there, nor his disciples, they themselves got into the boats and went to Capernaum, seeking Jesus.

6:25 既在海那边找着了，就对他说："拉比，是几时到这里来的？"
When they found him on the other side of the sea, they said to him, "Rabbi, when did you come here?"

6:26 耶稣回答说："我实实在在地告诉你们，你们找我，并不是因见了神迹，乃是因吃饼得饱。
Jesus answered them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, you are seeking me, not because you saw signs, but because you ate your fill of the loaves.

6:27 不要为那必坏的食物劳力，要为那存到永生的食物劳力，就是人子要赐给你们的，因为人子是父神所印证的。"
Do not work for the food that perishes, but for the food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give to you. For on him God the Father has set his seal."

6:28 众人问他说："我们当行什么，才算为神的工呢？"
So they said to him, "What must we do, to be doing the works of God?"

6:29 耶稣回答说："信神所差来的，这就是作神的工。"
Jesus answered them, "This is the work of God, that you believe in him whom he has sent."

6:30 他们又说："你行什么神迹，叫我们看见就信你？你到底作什么事呢？
So they said to him, "Then what sign do you do, that we may see and believe you? What work do you perform?

6:31 我们的祖宗在旷野吃过吗哪，如经上写着说：'他从天上赐下粮来给他们吃。'"
Our fathers ate the manna in the wilderness; as it is written, 'He gave them bread from heaven to eat.'"

6:32 耶稣说："我实实在在地告诉你们，那从天上来的粮不是摩西赐给你们的，乃是我父将天上来的真粮赐给你们。
Jesus then said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, it was not Moses who gave you the bread from heaven, but my Father gives you the true bread from heaven.

6:33 因为神的粮就是那从天上降下来、赐生命给世界的。
For the bread of God is he who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world."

6:34 他们说："主啊，常将这粮赐给我们！"
They said to him, "Sir, give us this bread always."

6:35 耶稣说："我就是生命的粮。到我这里来的，必定不饿；信我的，永远不渴。
Jesus said to them, "I am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst.

6:36 只是你们已经看见我，还是不信。
But I said to you that you have seen me and yet do not believe.

6:37 凡父所赐给我的人，必到我这里来；到我这里来的，我总不丢弃他。
All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never cast out.

6:38 因为我从天上降下来，不是要按自己的意思行，乃是要按那差我来者的意思行。
For I have come down from heaven, not to do my own will but the will of him who sent me.

6:39 差我来者的意思就是：他所赐给我的，叫我一个也不失落，在末日却叫他复活。
And this is the will of him who sent me, that I should lose nothing of all that he has given me, but raise it up on the last day.

6:40 因为我父的意思是叫一切见子而信的人得永生，并且在末日我要叫他复活。"
For this is the will of my Father, that everyone who looks on the Son and believes in him should have eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day."

6:41 犹太人因为耶稣说"我是从天上降下来的粮"，就私下议论他。
The Jews grumbled about him, because he said, "I am the bread that came down from heaven."

6:42 说："这不是约瑟的儿子耶稣吗？他的父母我们岂不认得吗？他如今怎么说'我是从天上降下来的'呢？"
They said, "Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How does he now say, 'I have come down from heaven'?"

6:43 耶稣回答说："你们不要大家议论。
Jesus answered them, "Do not grumble among yourselves.

6:44 若不是差我来的父吸引人，就没有能到我这里来的；到我这里来的，在末日我要叫他复活。
No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him. And I will raise him up on the last day.

6:45 在先知书上写着说：'他们都要蒙神的教训。'凡听见父之教训又学习的，就到我这里来。
It is written in the Prophets, 'And they will all be taught by God.' Everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me—

6:46 这不是说有人看见过父，惟独从神来的，他看见过父。
not that anyone has seen the Father except he who is from God; he has seen the Father.

6:47 我实实在在地告诉你们，信的人有永生。
Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever believes has eternal life.

6:48 我就是生命的粮。
I am the bread of life.

6:49 你们的祖宗在旷野吃过吗哪，还是死了。
Your fathers ate the manna in the wilderness, and they died.

6:50 这是从天上降下来的粮，叫人吃了就不死。
This is the bread that comes down from heaven, so that one may eat of it and not die.

6:51 我是从天上降下来生命的粮；人若吃这粮，就必永远活着。我所要赐的粮就是我的肉，为世人之生命所赐的。"
I am the living bread that came down from heaven. If anyone eats of this bread, he will live forever. And the bread that I will give for the life of the world is my flesh."

6:52 因此，犹太人彼此争论说："这个人怎能把他的肉给我们吃呢？"
The Jews then disputed among themselves, saying, "How can this man give us his flesh to eat?"

6:53 耶稣说："我实实在在地告诉你们，你们若不吃人子的肉，不喝人子的血，就没有生命在你们里面。
So Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you.

6:54 吃我肉、喝我血的人就有永生，在末日我要叫他复活。
Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day.

6:55 我的肉真是可吃的，我的血真是可喝的。
For my flesh is true food, and my blood is true drink.

6:56 吃我肉、喝我血的人常在我里面，我也常在他里面。
Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood abides in me, and I in him.

6:57 永活的父怎样差我来，我又因父活着；照样，吃我肉的人也要因我活着。
As the living Father sent me, and I live because of the Father, so whoever feeds on me, he also will live because of me.

6:58 这就是从天上降下来的粮。吃这粮的人就永远活着，不像你们的祖宗吃过吗哪还是死了。"
This is the bread that came down from heaven, not like the bread the fathers ate, and died. Whoever feeds on this bread will live forever."

6:59 这些话是耶稣在迦百农会堂里教训人说的。
Jesus said these things in the synagogue, as he taught at Capernaum.

6:60 他的门徒中有好些人听见了，就说："这话甚难，谁能听呢？"
When many of his disciples heard it, they said, "This is a hard saying; who can listen to it?"

6:61 耶稣心里知道门徒为这话议论，就对他们说："这话叫你们厌弃吗？
But Jesus, knowing in himself that his disciples were grumbling about this, said to them, "Do you take offense at this?

6:62 那么，人子被接去归自己原处的时候，你们怎么办呢？
Then what if you were to see the Son of Man ascending to where he was before?

6:63 叫人活着的乃是灵，肉体是无益的。我对你们所说的话就是灵，就是生命。
It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh is no help at all. The words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life.

6:64 只是你们中间有不信的人。"耶稣从起头就知道谁是不信他的，谁要卖他。
But there are some of you who do not believe." (For Jesus knew from the beginning who those were who did not believe, and who it was who would betray him.)

6:65 耶稣又说："所以我对你们说过，若不是蒙我父的恩赐，没有人能到我这里来。"
And he said, "This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless it is granted him by the Father."

6:66 从此，他门徒中多有退去的，不再和他同行。
After this many of his disciples turned back and no longer walked with him.

6:67 耶稣就对那十二个门徒说："你们也要去吗？"
So Jesus said to the twelve, "Do you want to go away as well?"

6:68 西门彼得回答说："主啊，你有永生之道，我们还归从谁呢？
Simon Peter answered him, "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life,

6:69 我们已经信了，又知道你是神的圣者。"
and we have believed, and have come to know, that you are the Holy One of God."

6:70 耶稣说："我不是拣选了你们十二个门徒吗？但你们中间有一个是魔鬼。
Jesus answered them, "Did I not choose you, the twelve? And yet one of you is a devil."

6:70 耶稣说："我不是拣选了你们十二个门徒吗？但你们中间有一个是魔鬼。
Jesus answered them, "Did I not choose you, the twelve? And yet one of you is a devil."

6:71 耶稣这话是指着加略人西门的儿子犹大说的，他本是十二个门徒里的一个，后来要卖耶稣的。
He spoke of Judas the son of Simon Iscariot, for he, one of the twelve, was going to betray him.

7:1 这事以后，耶稣在加利利各个地方走，不想在犹太走，因为犹太人想要杀他。
After this Jesus went about in Galilee. He would not go about in Judea, because the Jews were seeking to kill him.

7:2 当时犹太人的住棚节近了。
Now the Jews' Feast of Booths was at hand.

7:3 耶稣的弟兄就对他说："你离开这里上犹太去吧，叫你的门徒也看见你所行的事。
So his brothers said to him, "Leave here and go to Judea, that your disciples also may see the works you are doing.

7:4 人要显扬名声，没有在暗处行事的；你如果行这些事，就当将自己显明给世人看。"
For no one works in secret if he seeks to be known openly. If you do these things, show yourself to the world."

7:5 因为连他的弟兄也不信他。
For not even his brothers believed in him.

7:6 耶稣就对他说："我的时候还没有到，你们的时候常是方便的。
Jesus said to them, "My time has not yet come, but your time is always here.

7:7 世人不能恨你们，却是恨我，因为我指证他们所作的事是恶的。
The world cannot hate you, but it hates me because I testify about it that its works are evil.

7:8 你们上去过节吧，我现在不上去过这节，因为我的时候还没有满。"
You go up to the feast. I am not going up to this feast, for my time has not yet fully come."

7:9 耶稣说了这话，仍旧住在加利利。
After saying this, he remained in Galilee.

7:10 但他弟兄上去以后，他也上去过节，不是明去，似乎是暗去的。
But after his brothers had gone up to the feast, then he also went up, not publicly but in private.

7:11 正在节期中，犹太人寻找耶稣，说："他在哪里呢？"
The Jews were looking for him at the feast and saying, "Where is he?"

7:12 众人为他纷纷议论，有的说："他是好人。"有的说："不然，他是迷惑众人的。"
And there was much muttering about him among the people. While some said, "He is a good man," others said, "No, he is leading the people astray."

7:13 只是没有人明明地讲论他，因为怕犹太人。
Yet no one spoke openly of him, for fear of the Jews.

7:14 到了节期中，耶稣上殿里去教训人。
About the middle of the feast Jesus went up into the temple and began teaching.

7:15 犹太人就希奇，说："这个人没有学过，怎么明白书呢？"
The Jews therefore marveled, saying, "How is it that this man has learning, when he has never studied?"

7:16 耶稣说："我的教训不是我自己的，乃是那差我来者的。
So Jesus answered them, "My teaching is not mine, but his who sent me.

7:17 人若立志遵着他的旨意行，就必晓得这教训或是神的，或是我凭着自己说的。
If anyone's will is to do God's will, he will know whether the teaching is from God or whether I am speaking on my own authority.

7:18 人凭着自己说，是求自己的荣耀；惟有求那差他来者的荣耀，这人是真的，在他心里没有不义。
The one who speaks from himself seeks his own glory; but the one who seeks the glory of him who sent him is true, and in him there is no falsehood.

7:19 摩西岂不是传律法给你们吗？你们却没有一个人守律法。为什么想要杀我呢？"
Has not Moses given you the law? Yet none of you keeps the law. Why do you seek to kill me?"

7:20 众人回答说："你是被鬼附着了！谁想要杀你？"
The crowd answered, "You have a demon! Who is seeking to kill you?"

7:21 耶稣说："我作了一件事，你们都以为希奇。
Jesus answered them, "I did one work, and you all marvel at it.

7:22 摩西传割礼给你们（其实不是从摩西起的，乃是从来有的），因此你们也在安息日给人行割礼。
Moses gave you circumcision (not that it is from Moses, but from the fathers), and you circumcise a man on the Sabbath.

7:23 人若在安息日受割礼，免得违背摩西的律法，我在安息日叫一个人痊愈，你们就向我生气吗？
If on the Sabbath a man receives circumcision, so that the law of Moses may not be broken, are you angry with me because on the Sabbath I made a man's body whole?

7:24 不要凭外貌断定是非，总要按公义断定是非。"
Do not judge by appearances, but judge with right judgment."

7:25 耶路撒冷人中有的说："这不是他们想要杀的人吗？
Some of the people of Jerusalem said, "Is not this the man whom they seek to kill?

7:26 你看，他还明明地讲道，他们也不向他说什么，难道官长真知道这是基督吗？
And here he is, speaking openly, and they say nothing to him! Can it be that the authorities really know that this is the Christ?

7:27 然而，我们知道这个人从哪里来；只是基督来的时候，没有人知道他从哪里来。"
But we know where this man comes from; and when the Christ appears, no one will know where he comes from."

7:28 那时耶稣在殿里教训人，大声说："你们也知道我，也知道我从哪里来；我来并不是由于自己，但那差我来的是真的。你们不认识他，
So Jesus cried out in the temple, teaching and saying, "You know me, and you know where I come from. I have not come of my own accord, but he who sent me is true. You do not know him.

7:29 我却认识他，因为我是从他来的，他也是差了我来。"
But I know him, for I come from him, and he sent me."

7:30 他们就想要捉拿耶稣；只是没有人下手，因为他的时候还没有到。
So they were seeking to arrest him, but no one laid a hand on him, because his hour had not yet come.

7:31 但众人中间有好些信他的，说："基督来的时候，他所行的神迹岂能比这人所行的更多吗？"
Yet many of the people believed in him. They said, "When the Christ appears, will he do more signs than this man has done?"

7:32 法利赛人听见众人为耶稣这样纷纷议论，祭司长和法利赛人就打发差役去捉拿他。
The Pharisees heard the crowd muttering these things about him, and the chief priests and Pharisees sent officers to arrest him.

7:33 于是耶稣说："我还有不多的时候和你们同在，以后就回到差我来的那里去。
Jesus then said, "I will be with you a little longer, and then I am going to him who sent me.

7:34 你们要找我，却找不着；我所在的地方，你们不能到。"
You will seek me and you will not find me. Where I am you cannot come."

7:35 犹太人就彼此对问说："这人要往哪里去，叫我们找不着呢？难道他要往散住希利尼中的犹太人那里去教训希利尼人吗？
The Jews said to one another, "Where does this man intend to go that we will not find him? Does he intend to go to the Dispersion among the Greeks and teach the Greeks?

7:36 他说：'你们要找我，却找不着；我所在的地方，你们不能到。'这话是什么意思呢？"
What does he mean by saying, 'You will seek me and you will not find me,' and, 'Where I am you cannot come'?"

7:37 节期最后一天，就是最大之日，耶稣站着高声说："人若渴了，可以到我这里来喝。
On the last day of the feast, the great day, Jesus stood up and cried out, "If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink.

7:38 信我的人就如经上所说：'从他腹中要流出活水的江河来。'"
Whoever believes in me, as the Scripture has said, 'Out of his heart will flow rivers of living water.'"

7:39 耶稣这话是指着信他之人要受圣灵说的。那时还没有赐下圣灵来，因为耶稣尚未得着荣耀。
Now this he said about the Spirit, whom those who believed in him were to receive, for as yet the Spirit had not been given, because Jesus was not yet glorified.

7:40 众人听见这话，有的说："这真是那先知。"
When they heard these words, some of the people said, "This really is the Prophet."

7:41 有的说："这是基督。"但也有的说："基督岂是从加利利出来的吗？
Others said, "This is the Christ." But some said, "Is the Christ to come from Galilee?

7:42 经上岂不是说：'基督是大卫的后裔，从大卫本乡伯利恒出来的吗？'"
Has not the Scripture said that the Christ comes from the offspring of David, and from Bethlehem, the village where David was?"

7:43 于是众人因着耶稣分争。
So there was a division among the people because of him.

7:44 其中有人要捉拿他，只是无人下手。
Some of them wanted to arrest him but no one laid hands on him.

7:45 差役回到祭司长和法利赛人那里。他们对差役说："你们为什么没有带他来呢？"
The officers returned to the chief priests and Pharisees, who said to them, "Why did you not bring him?"

7:46 差役回答说："从来没有人像他这样说话的！"
The officers answered, "No one ever spoke like this man!"

7:47 法利赛人说："你们也受了迷惑吗？
The Pharisees answered them, "Have you also been deceived?

7:48 官长或是法利赛人岂有信他的呢？
Has any of the authorities or the Pharisees believed in him?

7:49 但这些不明白律法的百姓是被咒诅的。"
But this crowd that does not know the law is accursed."

7:50 内中有尼哥底母，就是从前去见耶稣的，对他们说：
Nicodemus, who had gone to him before, and who was one of them, said to them,

7:51 "不先听本人的口供，不知道他所作的事，难道我们的律法还定他的罪吗？"
"Does our law judge a man without first giving him a hearing and learning what he does?"

7:52 他们回答说："你也是出于加利利吗？你且去查考，就可知道加利利没有出过先知。"
They replied, "Are you from Galilee too? Search and see that no prophet arises from Galilee."

7:53 于是各人回家去了。
Then each went to his own house.

8:1 可是耶稣往橄榄山去。
But Jesus went to the Mount of Olives.

8:2 清早又来到殿里，众百姓都到他那里去，他就坐下教训他们。
Early in the morning he came again to the temple. All the people came to him, and he sat down and taught them.

8:3 文士和法利赛人带着一个行淫时被拿的妇人来，叫她站在当中，
The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman who had been caught in adultery, and placing her in the midst

8:4 就对耶稣说："夫子，这妇人是正行淫之时被拿的。
they said to him, "Teacher, this woman has been caught in the act of adultery.

8:5 摩西在律法上吩咐我们把这样的妇人用石头打死。你说该把她怎么样呢？"
Now in the Law, Moses commanded us to stone such women. So what do you say?"

8:6 他们说这话，乃试探耶稣，要得着告他的把柄。耶稣却弯着腰，用指头在地上画字。
This they said to test him, that they might have some charge to bring against him. Jesus bent down and wrote with his finger on the ground.

8:7 他们还是不住地问他，耶稣就直起腰来，对他们说："你们中间谁是没有罪的，谁就可以先拿石头打她。"
But when they continued to ask him, he stood up and said to them, "Let him who is without sin among you be the first to throw a stone at her."

8:8 于是又弯着腰，用指头在地上画字。
And once more he bent down and wrote on the ground.

8:9 他们听见这话，就从老到少一个一个地都出去了，只剩下耶稣一人，还有那妇人仍然站在当中。
When they heard it, they went away one by one, beginning with the older ones, and Jesus was left alone with the woman standing before him.

8:10 耶稣就直起腰来，对她说："妇人，那些人在哪里呢？没有人定你的罪吗？"
Jesus stood up and said to her, "Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you?"

8:11 她说："主啊，没有。"耶稣说："我也不定你的罪，去吧，从此不要再犯罪了。"
She said, "No one, Lord." And Jesus said, "I do not condemn you either. Go, and from now on do not sin again."

8:12 耶稣又对众人说："我是世界的光。跟从我的，就不在黑暗里走，必要得着生命的光。"
Again Jesus spoke to them, saying, "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life."

8:13 法利赛人对他说："你是为自己作见证，你的见证不真。"
The Pharisees said to him, "You are bearing witness about yourself; your testimony is not true."

8:14 耶稣说："我虽然为自己作见证，我的见证还是真的，因我知道我从哪里来，往哪里去；你们却不知道我从哪里来，往哪里去。
Jesus answered, "Even if I do bear witness about myself, my testimony is true, for I know where I came from and where I am going, but you do not know where I come from or where I am going.

8:15 你们是以外貌判断人，我却不判断人。
You judge according to the flesh; I judge no one.

8:16 就是判断人，我的判断也是真的，因为不是我独自在这里，还有差我来的父与我同在。
Yet even if I do judge, my judgment is true because I am not alone, but I am with the Father who sent me.

8:17 你们的律法上也记着说：'两个人的见证是真的。'
In your Law also it is written that the testimony of two people is true.

8:18 我是为自己作见证，还有差我来的父也是为我作见证。"
I am the one who bears witness about myself, and the Father who sent me bears witness about me."

8:19 他们就问他说："你的父在哪里？"耶稣回答说："你们不认识我，也不认识我的父；若是认识我，也就认识我的父。"
They said to him therefore, "Where is your Father?" Jesus answered, "You know neither me nor my Father. If you knew me, you would know my Father also."

8:20 这些话是耶稣在殿里的库房教训人时所说的，也没有人拿他，因为他的时候还没有到。
These words he spoke in the treasury, as he taught in the temple; but no one arrested him, because his hour had not yet come.

8:21 耶稣又对他们说："我要去了，你们要找我，并且你们要死在罪中；我所去的地方，你们不能到。"
So he said to them again, "I am going away, and you will seek me, and you will die in your sin. Where I am going, you cannot come."

8:22 犹太人说："他说'我所去的地方，你们不能到'，难道他要自尽吗？"
The Jews said, "Will he kill himself, since he says, 'Where I am going you cannot come'?"

8:23 耶稣对他们说："你们是从下头来的，我是从上头来的；你们是属这世界的，我不是属这世界的。
He said to them, "You are from below; I am from above. You are of this world; I am not of this world.

8:24 所以我对你们说，你们要死在罪中。你们若不信我是基督，必要死在罪中。"
I told you that you would die in your sins, for unless you believe that I am he you will die in your sins."

8:25 他们就问他说："你是谁？"耶稣对他们说："就是我从起头所告诉你们的。
So they said to him, "Who are you?" Jesus said to them, "Just what I have been telling you from the beginning.

8:26 我有许多事讲论你们，判断你们；但那差我来的是真的，我在他那里听见的，就把这话告诉世人。"
I have much to say about you and much to judge, but he who sent me is true, and I declare to the world what I have heard from him."

8:27 他们不明白耶稣是指着父说的。
They did not understand that he had been speaking to them about the Father.

8:28 所以耶稣说："你们举起人子以后，必知道我是基督，并且知道我没有一件事是凭着自己作的。惟有差我来者，他的道才在我心里。"
So Jesus said to them, "When you have lifted up the Son of Man, then you will know that I am he, and that I do nothing on my own authority, but speak just as the Father taught me.

8:29 那差我来者是与我同在；他没有撇下我独自在这里，因为我常作他所喜悦的事。"
And he who sent me is with me. He has not left me alone, for I always do the things that are pleasing to him."

8:30 耶稣说这话的时候，就有许多人信他。
As he was saying these things, many believed in him.

8:31 耶稣对信他的犹太人说："你们若常常遵守我的道，就真是我的门徒。
So Jesus said to the Jews who had believed him, "If you abide in my word, you are truly my disciples,

8:32 你们必晓得真理，真理必叫你们得以自由。"
and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free."

8:33 他们回答说："我们是亚伯拉罕的后裔，从来没有作过谁的奴仆，你怎么说'你们必得以自由'呢？"
They answered him, "We are offspring of Abraham and have never been enslaved to anyone. How do you say, 'You will be set free'?"

8:34 耶稣回答说："我实实在在地告诉你们，所有犯罪的就是罪的奴仆。
Jesus answered them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, everyone who commits sin is a slave to sin.

8:35 奴仆不能永远住在家里；儿子是永远住在家里的。
The slave does not remain in the house forever; the son remains forever.

8:36 所以天父的儿子若叫你们自由，你们就真自由了。
So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.

8:37 我知道你们是亚伯拉罕的后裔；你们却想要杀我，因为你们心里容不下我的道。
I know that you are offspring of Abraham; yet you seek to kill me because my word finds no place in you.

8:38 我所说的，是在我父那里看见的；你们所行的，是你们的父所行的。"
I speak of what I have seen in my Father's presence, and you do what you have heard from your father."

8:39 他们说："我们的父就是亚伯拉罕。"耶稣说："你们若是亚伯拉罕的儿子，就必行亚伯拉罕所行的事。
They answered him, "Our father is Abraham." Jesus said to them, "If you were Abraham's children, you would be doing the works Abraham did,

8:40 但如今你们想要杀我，就是从来没有一个这样行过。亚伯拉罕的心里没有这样作的事。
but now you seek to kill me, a man who has told you the truth that I heard from God. This is not what Abraham did.

8:41 你们是行你们父所行的事。"他们说："我们不是从淫乱生的，我们只有一位父，就是神。"
You are doing your father's works." They said to him, "We were not born of sexual immorality. We have one Father—even God."

8:42 耶稣说："倘若神是你们的父，你们就必爱我，因为我本是出于神，也是从神而来，并不是由着自己来，乃是他差了我来。
Jesus said to them, "If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God and I am here. I came not of my own accord, but he sent me.

8:43 你们为什么不明白我的话呢？无非是因你们不能听我的道。
Why do you not understand what I say? It is because you cannot bear to hear my word.

8:44 你们是出于你们的父魔鬼，你们父的私欲你们偏要行。他从起初是杀人的，不守真理，因他心里没有真理。他说谎是出于自己；因他本来是说谎的，也是说谎之人的父。
You are of your father the devil, and your will is to do your father's desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, and does not stand in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks out of his own character, for he is a liar and the father of lies.

8:45 我将真理告诉你们，你们就因此不信我。
But because I tell the truth, you do not believe me.

8:46 谁能指证我有罪呢？我将真理告诉你们，你们为什么不信我呢？
Which one of you convicts me of sin? If I tell the truth, why do you not believe me?

8:47 出于神的，必听神的话；你们不听，因为你们不是出于神。"
Whoever is of God hears the words of God. The reason why you do not hear them is that you are not of God."

8:48 犹太人回答说："我们说你是撒玛利亚人，并且是鬼附着的，这话岂不正对吗？"
The Jews answered him, "Are we not right in saying that you are a Samaritan and have a demon?"

8:49 耶稣说："我不是鬼附着的，我尊敬我的父，你们倒轻慢我。
Jesus answered, "I do not have a demon, but I honor my Father, and you dishonor me.

8:50 我不求自己的荣耀，有一位为我求荣耀、定是非的。
I do not seek my own glory; there is One who seeks it, and he is the judge.

8:51 我实实在在地告诉你们，人若遵守我的道，就永远不见死。"
Truly, truly, I say to you, if anyone keeps my word, he will never see death."

8:52 犹太人对他说："现在我们知道你是鬼附着的。亚伯拉罕死了，众先知也死了，你还说'人若遵守我的道，就永远不尝死味'。
The Jews said to him, "Now we know that you have a demon. Abraham died, as did the prophets, yet you say, 'If anyone keeps my word, he will never taste death.'

8:53 难道你比我们的祖宗亚伯拉罕还大吗？他死了，众先知也死了，你将自己当作什么人呢？"
Are you greater than our father Abraham, who died? And the prophets died! Who do you make yourself out to be?"

8:54 耶稣回答说："我若荣耀自己，我的荣耀就算不得什么；荣耀我的乃是我的父，就是你们所说是你们的神。
Jesus answered, "If I glorify myself, my glory is nothing. It is my Father who glorifies me, of whom you say, 'He is our God.'

8:55 你们未曾认识他，我却认识他。我若说不认识他，我就是说谎的，象你们一样；但我认识他，也遵守他的道。
But you have not known him. I know him. If I were to say that I do not know him, I would be a liar like you, but I do know him and I keep his word.

8:56 你们的祖宗亚伯拉罕欢欢喜喜地仰望我的日子，既看见了就快乐。"
Your father Abraham rejoiced that he would see my day. He saw it and was glad."

8:57 犹太人说："你还没有五十岁，岂见过亚伯拉罕呢？"
The Jews then said to him, "You are not yet fifty years old, and have you seen Abraham?"

8:58 耶稣说："我实实在在地告诉你们，还没有亚伯拉罕，就有了我。"
Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, before Abraham was, I am."

8:59 于是他们拿石头要打他，耶稣却躲藏，从殿里出去了。
So they picked up stones to throw at him, but Jesus hid himself and went out of the temple.

9:1 耶稣走过的时候，看见一个人生下来就看不见东西。
As he passed by, he saw a man blind from birth.

9:2 门徒问耶稣说："拉比，这人生来是瞎眼的，是谁犯了罪？是这人呢？是他父母呢？"
And his disciples asked him, "Rabbi, who sinned, this man or his parents, that he was born blind?"

9:3 耶稣回答说："也不是这人犯了罪，也不是他父母犯了罪，是要在他身上显出神的作为来。
Jesus answered, "It was not that this man sinned, or his parents, but that the works of God might be displayed in him.

9:4 趁着白日，我们必须作那差我来者的工；黑夜将到，就没有人能作工了。
We must work the works of him who sent me while it is day; night is coming, when no one can work.

9:5 我在世上的时候，是世上的光。"
As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world."

9:6 耶稣说了这话，就吐唾沫在地上，用唾沫和泥抹在瞎子的眼睛上，
Having said these things, he spit on the ground and made mud with the saliva. Then he anointed the man's eyes with the mud

9:7 对他说："你往西罗亚池子里去洗。"（西罗亚翻出来就是奉差遣。）他去一洗，回头就看见了。
and said to him, "Go, wash in the pool of Siloam" (which means Sent). So he went and washed and came back seeing.

9:8 他的邻舍和那素常见他是讨饭的，就说："这不是那从前坐着讨饭的人吗？"
The man's neighbors and those who had seen him before as a beggar said, "Is this not the man who used to sit and beg?"

9:9 有人说："是他。"又有人说："不是，却是像他。"他自己说："是我。"
Some said, "It is he." Others said, "No, but he is like him." He kept saying, "I am the man."

9:10 他们对他说："你的眼睛是怎么开的呢？"
So they said to him, "How were your eyes opened?"

9:11 他回答说："有一个人名叫耶稣，他和泥抹我的眼睛，对我说：'你往西罗亚池子去洗。'我去一洗，就看见了。"
He answered, "The man called Jesus made mud and anointed my eyes and said to me, 'Go to Siloam and wash.' So I went and washed and received my sight."

9:12 他们说："那个人在哪里？"他说："我不知道。"
They said to him, "Where is he?" He said, "I do not know."

9:13 他们把从前瞎眼的人带到法利赛人那里。
They brought to the Pharisees the man who had formerly been blind.

9:14 耶稣和泥开他眼睛的日子是安息日。
Now it was a Sabbath day when Jesus made the mud and opened his eyes.

9:15 法利赛人也问他是怎么得看见的。瞎子对他们说："他把泥抹在我的眼睛上，我去一洗，就看见了。"
So the Pharisees again asked him how he had received his sight. And he said to them, "He put mud on my eyes, and I washed, and I see."

9:16 有几个法利赛人说："这个人不是从神来的，因为他不守安息日。"又有人说："一个罪人怎能行这样的神迹呢？"他们就起了纷争。
Some of the Pharisees said, "This man is not from God, for he does not keep the Sabbath." But others said, "How can a man who is a sinner do such signs?" And there was a division among them.

9:17 他们又对瞎子说："他既开了你的眼睛，你说他是怎样的人呢？"他说："是个先知。"
So they said again to the blind man, "What do you say about him, since he has opened your eyes?" He said, "He is a prophet."

9:18 犹太人不信他从前是瞎眼，后来能看见的，等到叫了他的父母来，
The Jews did not believe that he had been blind and had received his sight, until they called the parents of the man who had received his sight

9:19 问他们说："这是你们的儿子吗？你们说他生来是瞎眼的，如今怎么能看见了呢？"
and asked them, "Is this your son, who you say was born blind? How then does he now see?"

9:20 他父母回答说："他是我们的儿子，生来就瞎眼，这是我们知道的。
His parents answered, "We know that this is our son and that he was born blind.

9:21 如今他怎么能看见，我们却不知道；是谁开了他的眼睛，我们也不知道。他已经成了人，你们问他吧，他自己会说。"
But how he now sees we do not know, nor do we know who opened his eyes. Ask him; he is of age. He will speak for himself."

9:22 他父母说这话，是怕犹太人，因为犹太人已经商议定了，若有认耶稣是基督的，要把他赶出会堂。
(His parents said these things because they feared the Jews, for the Jews had already agreed that if anyone should confess Jesus to be Christ, he was to be put out of the synagogue.)

9:23 因此他父母说："他已经成了人，你们问他吧。"
Therefore his parents said, "He is of age; ask him."

9:24 所以法利赛人第二次叫了那从前瞎眼的人来，对他说："你该将荣耀归给神，我们知道这人是个罪人。"
So for the second time they called the man who had been blind and said to him, "Give glory to God. We know that this man is a sinner."

9:25 他说："他是个罪人不是，我却不知道；有一件事我知道，从前我是眼瞎的，如今能看见了。"
He answered, "Whether he is a sinner I do not know. One thing I do know, that though I was blind, now I see."

9:26 他们就问他说："他向你作什么？是怎么开了你的眼睛的？"
They said to him, "What did he do to you? How did he open your eyes?"

9:27 他回答说："我方才告诉你们，你们不听，为什么又要听呢？莫非你们也要作他的门徒吗？"
He answered them, "I have told you already, and you would not listen. Why do you want to hear it again? Do you also want to become his disciples?"

9:28 他们就骂他说："你是他的门徒，我们是摩西的门徒。
Then they reviled him, saying, "You are his disciple, but we are disciples of Moses.

9:29 神对摩西说话是我们知道的；只是这个人，我们不知道他从哪里来。"
We know that God has spoken to Moses, but as for this man, we do not know where he comes from."

9:30 那人回答说："他开了我的眼睛，你们竟不知道他从哪里来，这真是奇怪！
The man answered, "Why, this is an amazing thing! You do not know where he comes from, and yet he opened my eyes.

9:31 我们知道神不听罪人，惟有敬奉神、遵行他旨意的，神才听他。
We know that God does not listen to sinners, but if anyone is a worshiper of God and does his will, God listens to him.

9:32 从创世以来，未曾听见有人把生来是瞎子的眼睛开了。
Never since the world began has it been heard that anyone opened the eyes of a man born blind.

9:33 这人若不是从神来的，什么也不能作。"
If this man were not from God, he could do nothing."

9:34 他们回答说："你全然生在罪孽中，还要教训我们吗？"于是把他赶出去了。
They answered him, "You were born in total sin, and would you teach us?" And they cast him out.

9:35 耶稣听说他们把他赶出去，后来遇见他，就说："你信神的儿子吗？"
Jesus heard that they had cast him out, and having found him he said, "Do you believe in the Son of God?"

9:36 他回答说："主啊，谁是神的儿子，叫我信他呢？"
He answered, "And who is he, sir, that I may believe in him?"

9:37 耶稣说："你已经看见他，现在和你说话的就是他。"
Jesus said to him, "You have seen him, and it is he who is speaking to you."

9:38 他说："主啊，我信！"就拜耶稣。
He said, "Lord, I believe," and he worshiped him.

9:39 耶稣说："我为审判到这世上来，叫不能看见的可以看见，能看见的反瞎了眼。"
Jesus said, "For judgment I came into this world, that those who do not see may see, and those who see may become blind."

9:40 同他在那里的法利赛人听见这话，就说："难道我们也瞎了眼吗？"
Some of the Pharisees near him heard these things and said to him, "Are we also blind?"

9:41 耶稣对他们说："你们若瞎了眼，就没有罪了；但如今你们说：'我们能看见，'所以你们的罪还在。"
Jesus said to them, "If you were blind, you would have no guilt; but now that you say, 'We see,' your guilt remains."

10:1 耶稣说："我告诉你们：有人照看羊，把羊放在一个有墙的安全地方。
Truly, truly, I say to you, he who does not enter the sheepfold by the door but climbs in by another way, that man is a thief and a robber.

10:2 他从门进来，是看羊的人，羊也听他的声音。他按着名叫自己的羊，把羊领出来。
But he who enters by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. To him the gatekeeper opens. The sheep hear his voice, and he calls his own sheep by name and leads them out.

10:3 他把羊都放出来，就走在羊的前面，羊也跟着他，因为认得他的声音。
When he has brought out all his own, he goes before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice.

10:4 羊从来不跟从生人，却要逃避他，因为不认得生人的声音。"
A stranger they will not follow, but they will flee from him, for they do not know the voice of strangers."

10:5 耶稣向他们讲了这个比喻，但他们不明白所说的是什么。
Jesus told them this illustration, but they did not understand what he was saying to them.

10:6 所以耶稣又说："我实实在在地告诉你们，我就是羊的门。
So Jesus said to them again, "Truly, truly, I say to you, I am the door of the sheep.

10:7 所有在我以先来的，都是贼，是强盗；羊却不听他们。
All who came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not listen to them.

10:8 我就是门，凡从我进来的，必然得救，并且出入得草吃。
I am the door. If anyone enters by me, he will be saved and will go in and out and find pasture.

10:9 盗贼来，无非要偷窃，杀害，毁坏；我来了，是要叫羊得生命，并且得的更丰盛。
The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. I came that they may have life and have it abundantly.

10:10 我是好牧人；好牧人为羊舍命。
I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.

10:11 若是雇工，不是牧人，羊也不是他自己的，他看见狼来，就撇下羊逃走；狼抓住羊，赶散了羊群。
He who is a hired hand and not a shepherd, who does not own the sheep, sees the wolf coming and leaves the sheep and flees, and the wolf snatches them and scatters them.

10:12 雇工逃走，因他是雇工，并不顾念羊。
He flees because he is a hired hand and cares nothing for the sheep.

10:13 我是好牧人；我认识我的羊，我的羊也认识我，
I am the good shepherd. I know my own and my own know me,

10:14 正如父认识我，我也认识父一样；并且我为羊舍命。
just as the Father knows me and I know the Father; and I lay down my life for the sheep.

10:15 我另外有羊，不是这圈里的；我必须领他们来，他们也要听我的声音，并且要合成一群，归一个牧人了。
And I have other sheep that are not of this fold. I must bring them also, and they will listen to my voice. So there will be one flock, one shepherd.

10:16 我父爱我，因我将命舍去，好再取回来。
For this reason the Father loves me, because I lay down my life that I may take it up again.

10:17 没有人能夺我的命去，是我自己舍的。我有权柄舍了，也有权柄取回来。这是我从我父所受的命令。"
No one takes it from me, but I lay it down of my own accord. I have authority to lay it down, and I have authority to take it up again. This charge I have received from my Father."

10:18 犹太人为这些话又起了纷争。
The Jews picked up stones again to stone him.

10:19 有人说："他是被鬼附着，而且疯了，为什么还听他呢？"
Many of them said, "He has a demon, and is insane; why do you listen to him?"

10:20 又有人说："这不是鬼附之人所说的话，鬼岂能叫瞎子的眼睛开了呢？"
Others said, "These are not the words of one who has a demon. Can a demon open the eyes of the blind?"

10:21 他们又分争，有一班人要捉拿他，只是没有人下手。
There was again a division among the Jews because of these words. Many of them wanted to arrest him but no one laid hands on him.

10:22 在耶路撒冷有修殿节，又到了冬天。
At that time the Feast of Dedication took place at Jerusalem. It was winter,

10:23 耶稣在殿里所罗门的廊下行走。
and Jesus was walking in the temple, in the colonnade of Solomon.

10:24 犹太人围着他说："你叫我们犹疑不定到几时呢？你若是基督，就明明地告诉我们。"
So the Jews gathered around him and said to him, "How long will you keep us in suspense? If you are the Christ, tell us plainly."

10:25 耶稣回答说："我已经告诉你们，你们不信。我奉我父之名所行的事可以为我作见证。
Jesus answered them, "I told you, and you do not believe. The works that I do in my Father's name bear witness about me,

10:26 只是你们不信，因为你们不是我的羊。
but you do not believe because you are not among my sheep.

10:27 我的羊听我的声音，我也认识他们，他们也跟着我。
My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me.

10:28 我又赐给他们永生；他们永不灭亡，谁也不能从我手里把他们夺去。
I give them eternal life, and they will never perish, and no one will snatch them out of my hand.

10:29 我父把羊赐给我，他比万有都大，谁也不能从我父手里把羊夺去。
My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all, and no one is able to snatch them out of the Father's hand.

10:30 我与父原为一。"
I and the Father are one."

10:31 犹太人又拿起石头来要打他。
The Jews took up stones again to stone him.

10:32 耶稣对他们说："我从父显出许多善事给你们看，你们是为哪一件拿石头打我呢？"
Jesus answered them, "I have shown you many good works from the Father; for which of these do you stone me?"

10:33 犹太人回答说："我们不是为善事拿石头打你，是为你说僭妄的话；又为你是个人，反将自己当作神。"
The Jews answered him, "It is not for a good work that we stone you but for blasphemy, because you, being a man, make yourself God."

10:34 耶稣说："你们的律法上岂不是写着'我曾说你们是神'吗？
Jesus answered them, "Is it not written in your Law, 'I said, you are gods'?

10:35 经上的话是不能废的；若那些承受神道的人尚且称为神，
If he called them gods to whom the word of God came—and Scripture cannot be broken—

10:36 父所分别为圣、又差到世间来的，他自称是神的儿子，你们还向他说'你说了僭妄的话'吗？
do you say of him whom the Father consecrated and sent into the world, 'You are blaspheming,' because I said, 'I am the Son of God'?

10:37 我若不行我父的事，你们就不必信我；
If I am not doing the works of my Father, then do not believe me;

10:38 我若行了，你们纵然不信我，也当信这些事，叫你们又知道又明白父在我里面，我也在父里面。"
but if I do them, even though you do not believe me, believe the works, that you may know and understand that the Father is in me and I am in the Father."

10:39 他们又要拿他，他却逃出他们的手走了。
Again they sought to arrest him, but he escaped from their hands.

10:40 耶稣又往约旦河外去，到了约翰起初施洗的地方，就住在那里。
He went away again across the Jordan to the place where John had been baptizing at first, and there he remained.

10:41 有许多人来到他那里，他们说："约翰一件神迹没有行过，但约翰指着这人所说的一切话都是真的。"
And many came to him. And they said, "John did no sign, but everything that John said about this man was true."

10:42 在那里，信耶稣的人就多了。
And many believed in him there.

11:1 有一个人叫拉撒路，他住在伯大尼，就是马利亚和她姐姐马大住的村子。
Now a certain man was ill, Lazarus of Bethany, the village of Mary and her sister Martha.

11:2 马利亚就是那用香膏抹主，又用头发擦他脚的；患病的拉撒路是她的兄弟。
(It was Mary who anointed the Lord with ointment and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was ill.)

11:3 她姊妹两个就打发人去见耶稣，说："主啊，你所爱的人病了。"
So the sisters sent to him, saying, "Lord, he whom you love is ill."

11:4 耶稣听见，就说："这病不至于死，乃是为神的荣耀，叫神的儿子因此得荣耀。"
But when Jesus heard it he said, "This illness does not lead to death. It is for the glory of God, so that the Son of God may be glorified through it."

11:5 耶稣素来爱马大和她妹子并拉撒路。
Now Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus.

11:6 听见拉撒路病了，就在所居之地仍住了两天。
So, when he heard that Lazarus was ill, he stayed two days longer in the place where he was.

11:7 然后对门徒说："我们再往犹太去吧。"
Then after this he said to the disciples, "Let us go to Judea again."

11:8 门徒说："拉比，犹太人近来要拿石头打你，你还往那里去吗？"
The disciples said to him, "Rabbi, the Jews were just now seeking to stone you, and are you going there again?"

11:9 耶稣回答说："白日不是有十二小时吗？人在白日走路，就不至跌倒，因为看见这世上的光。
Jesus answered, "Are there not twelve hours in the day? If anyone walks in the day, he does not stumble, because he sees the light of this world.

11:10 若在黑夜走路，就必跌倒，因为他没有光。"
But if anyone walks in the night, he stumbles, because the light is not in him."

11:11 耶稣说了这话，随后对他们说："我们的朋友拉撒路睡了，我去叫醒他。"
After saying these things, he said to them, "Our friend Lazarus has fallen asleep, but I go to awaken him."

11:12 门徒说："主啊，他若睡了，就必好了。"
The disciples said to him, "Lord, if he has fallen asleep, he will recover."

11:13 耶稣这话是指着他死说的，他们却以为是说照常睡了。
However, Jesus had been speaking about his death, but they thought that he meant taking rest in sleep.

11:14 耶稣就明明地告诉他们说："拉撒路死了。
Then Jesus told them plainly, "Lazarus has died,

11:15 我没有在那里就欢喜，这是为你们的缘故，好叫你们相信。如今我们可以往他那里去吧。"
and for your sake I am glad that I was not there, so that you may believe. But let us go to him."

11:16 多马，又称为低土马，就对那同作门徒的说："我们也去和他同死吧。"
So Thomas, called the Twin, said to his fellow disciples, "Let us also go, that we may die with him."

11:17 耶稣到了，就知道拉撒路在坟墓里已经四天了。
Now when Jesus came, he found that Lazarus had already been in the tomb four days.

11:18 伯大尼靠近耶路撒冷，约有六里路。
Bethany was near Jerusalem, about two miles off,

11:19 有好些犹太人来看马大和马利亚，要为她们的兄弟安慰她们。
and many of the Jews had come to Martha and Mary to comfort them concerning their brother.

11:20 马大听见耶稣来了，就出去迎接他；马利亚却仍然坐在家里。
Now Martha, when she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him, but Mary remained seated in the house.

11:21 马大对耶稣说："主啊，你若早在这里，我兄弟必不死。
Martha said to Jesus, "Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died.

11:22 就是现在，我也知道，你无论向神求什么，神也必赐给你。"
But even now I know that whatever you ask from God, God will give you."

11:23 耶稣说："你兄弟必然复活。"
Jesus said to her, "Your brother will rise again."

11:24 马大说："我知道在末日复活的时候，他必复活。"
Martha said to him, "I know that he will rise again in the resurrection on the last day."

11:25 耶稣对她说："复活在我，生命也在我。信我的人虽然死了，也必复活。
Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection and the life. Whoever believes in me, though he die, yet shall he live,

11:26 凡活着信我的人必永远不死。你信这话吗？"
and everyone who lives and believes in me shall never die. Do you believe this?"

11:27 马大说："主啊，是的，我信你是基督，是神的儿子，就是那要来到世间的。"
She said to him, "Yes, Lord; I believe that you are the Christ, the Son of God, who is coming into the world."

11:28 马大说了这话，就回去暗暗地叫她妹子马利亚，说："夫子来了，叫你。"
After she had said this, she went and called her sister Mary, saying in private, "The Teacher is here and is calling for you."

11:29 马利亚听见，就急忙起来，到耶稣那里去。
And she, when she heard it, rose quickly and went to him.

11:30 那时，耶稣还没有进村子，仍在马大迎接他的地方。
Now Jesus had not yet come into the village, but was still in the place where Martha had met him.

11:31 那些同马利亚在家里安慰她的犹太人，见她急忙起来出去，就跟着她，以为她要往坟墓那里去哭。
When the Jews who were with her in the house, consoling her, saw Mary rise quickly and go out, they followed her, supposing that she was going to the tomb to weep there.

11:32 马利亚到了耶稣那里，看见他，就俯伏在他脚前，说："主啊，你若早在这里，我兄弟必不死。"
Now when Mary came to where Jesus was and saw him, she fell at his feet, saying to him, "Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died."

11:33 耶稣看见她哭，并看见与她同来的犹太人也哭，就心里悲叹，又忧愁，
When Jesus saw her weeping, and the Jews who had come with her also weeping, he was deeply moved in his spirit and greatly troubled.

11:34 便说："你们把他安放在哪里？"他们回答说："请主来看。"
And he said, "Where have you laid him?" They said to him, "Lord, come and see."

11:35 耶稣哭了。
Jesus wept.

11:36 犹太人就说："你看他爱这人是何等热切。"
So the Jews said, "See how deeply he loved him!"

11:37 其中有人说："他既然开了瞎子的眼睛，岂不能叫这人不死吗？"
But some of them said, "Could not he who opened the eyes of the blind man also have kept this man from dying?"

11:38 耶稣又心里悲叹，来到坟墓前；那坟墓是个洞，有一块石头挡着。
Now Jesus was deeply moved again within himself, and he came to the tomb. It was a cave, and a stone lay against it.

11:39 耶稣说："你们把石头挪开。"那死人的姐姐马大对他说："主啊，他现在必是臭了，因为已经四天了。"
Jesus said, "Take away the stone." Martha, the sister of the dead man, said to him, "Lord, by this time there will be an odor, for he has been dead four days."

11:40 耶稣说："我不是对你说过，你若信，就必看见神的荣耀吗？"
Jesus said to her, "Did I not tell you that if you believed you would see the glory of God?"

11:41 他们就把石头挪开。耶稣举目望天，说："父啊，我感谢你，因为你已经听我。
So they took away the stone. And Jesus lifted up his eyes and said, "Father, I thank you that you have heard me.

11:42 我也知道你常听我，但我说这话是为周围站着的众人，叫他们信是你差了我来。"
I knew that you always hear me, but I said this on account of the people standing around, that they may believe that you sent me."

11:43 说了这话，就大声呼叫说："拉撒路出来！"
When he had said these things, he cried out with a loud voice, "Lazarus, come out!"

11:44 那死人就出来了，手脚裹着布，脸上包着手巾。耶稣对他们说："解开，叫他走！"
The man who had died came out, his hands and feet bound with linen strips, and his face wrapped with a cloth. Jesus said to them, "Unbind him, and let him go."

11:45 那些来看马利亚的犹太人，见了耶稣所作的事，就多有信他的。
Many of the Jews therefore, who had come with Mary and had seen what he did, believed in him.

11:46 但其中也有去见法利赛人的，把耶稣所作的事告诉他们。
But some of them went to the Pharisees and told them what Jesus had done.

11:47 祭司长和法利赛人聚集公会，说："这人行好些神迹，我们怎么办呢？
So the chief priests and the Pharisees gathered the council and said, "What are we to do? This man performs many signs.

11:48 若这样由他去，人人都要信他；罗马人也要来夺我们的地土和我们的百姓。"
If we let him go on like this, everyone will believe in him, and the Romans will come and take away both our place and our nation."

11:49 内中有一个人，名叫该亚法，本年作大祭司，对他们说："你们不知道什么。
But one of them, Caiaphas, who was high priest that year, said to them, "You know nothing at all.

11:50 独不想一人替百姓死，免得通国灭亡，就是你们的益处。"
Nor do you understand that it is better for you that one man should die for the people, not that the whole nation should perish."

11:51 他这话不是出于自己，是因他本年作大祭司，所以预言耶稣将要替这一国死；
He did not say this of his own accord, but being high priest that year he prophesied that Jesus would die for the nation,

11:52 并不单为这一国死，还要将神四散的子民都聚集归一。
and not for the nation only, but also to gather into one the children of God who are scattered abroad.

11:53 从那日起，他们就商议要杀耶稣。
So from that day on they made plans to put him to death.

11:54 所以耶稣不再显然行在犹太人中间，就离开那里往靠近旷野的地方去，到了一座城，名叫以法莲，在那里和门徒同住。
Jesus therefore no longer walked openly among the Jews, but went from there to the region near the wilderness, to a town called Ephraim, where he remained with his disciples.

11:55 犹太人的逾越节近了，有许多人从乡下上耶路撒冷去，要在节前洁净自己。
Now the Passover of the Jews was at hand, and many went up from the country to Jerusalem before the Passover to purify themselves.

11:56 他们就寻找耶稣，站在殿里彼此说："你们的意思如何，基督岂不在这节期来吗？"
So they were seeking Jesus and saying to one another as they stood in the temple, "What do you think? That he will not come to the feast at all?"

11:57 那时，祭司长和法利赛人早已吩咐说，若有人知道耶稣在哪里，就要报明，好去拿他。
Now the chief priests and the Pharisees had given orders that if anyone knew where he was, he should let them know, so that they might arrest him.

12:1 逾越节前六天，耶稣来到伯大尼，就是他让拉撒路从死里活过来的地方。
Six days before the Passover, Jesus therefore came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, whom Jesus had raised from the dead.

12:2 有人在那里给耶稣预备筵席；马大伺候，拉撒路也在那同耶稣坐席的人中。
So they gave a dinner for him there. Martha served, and Lazarus was one of those reclining with him at table.

12:3 马利亚就拿着一斤极贵的真哪哒香膏，抹耶稣的脚，又用自己的头发去擦，屋里就满了膏的香气。
Mary therefore took a pound of expensive ointment made from pure nard and anointed the feet of Jesus and wiped his feet with her hair. The house was filled with the fragrance of the perfume.

12:4 有一个门徒，就是将要卖耶稣的加略人犹大，
One of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, who was about to betray him, said,

12:5 "这香膏为什么不卖三十两银子周济穷人呢？"
"Why was this ointment not sold for three hundred denarii and given to the poor?"

12:6 他说这话，并不是挂念穷人，乃因他是个贼，又带着钱囊，常取其中所存的。
He said this, not because he cared about the poor, but because he was a thief, and having charge of the moneybag he used to help himself to what was put into it.

12:7 耶稣说："由她吧！她是为我安葬之日存留的。
Jesus said, "Leave her alone, so that she may keep it for the day of my burial.

12:8 因为常有穷人和你们同在，只是你们不常有我。"
For the poor you always have with you, but you do not always have me."

12:9 有许多犹太人知道耶稣在那里，就来了，不单为耶稣的缘故，也要看拉撒路，就是他从死里复活的。
When the large crowd of the Jews learned that Jesus was there, they came, not only on account of him but also to see Lazarus, whom he had raised from the dead.

12:10 但祭司长商议连拉撒路也要杀了；
So the chief priests made plans to put Lazarus to death as well,

12:11 因有好些犹太人，为他的缘故，回去信了耶稣。
because on account of him many of the Jews were going away and believing in Jesus.

12:12 第二天，有许多上来过节的人听见耶稣将到耶路撒冷，
The next day the large crowd that had come to the feast heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem.

12:13 就拿着棕树枝出去迎接他，喊着说："和散那！奉主名来的以色列王是应当称颂的！"
So they took branches of palm trees and went out to meet him, crying out, "Hosanna! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord, even the King of Israel!"

12:14 耶稣得了一个驴驹，就骑上，如经上所记的：
And Jesus found a young donkey and sat on it, just as it is written,

12:15 "锡安的民哪，不要惧怕！你的王骑着驴驹来了。"
"Fear not, daughter of Zion; behold, your king is coming, sitting on a donkey's colt!"

12:16 这些事门徒起先不明白，等到耶稣得了荣耀以后才想起这话是指着他写的，并且众人果然向他这样行了。
His disciples did not understand these things at first, but when Jesus was glorified, then they remembered that these things had been written about him and had been done to him.

12:17 当耶稣呼唤拉撒路，叫他从死里复活出坟墓的时候，同耶稣在那里的众人就作见证。
The crowd that had been with him when he called Lazarus out of the tomb and raised him from the dead continued to bear witness.

12:18 众人因听见耶稣行了这神迹，就去迎接他。
The reason why the crowd went to meet him was that they heard he had done this sign.

12:19 法利赛人彼此说："看哪，你们是徒劳无益，世人都随从他去了。"
So the Pharisees said to one another, "You see that you are gaining nothing. Look, the world has gone after him."

12:20 那时，上来过节礼拜的人中，有几个希利尼人。
Now among those who went up to worship at the feast were some Greeks.

12:21 他们来见加利利的伯赛大人安得烈，求他说："先生，我们愿意见耶稣。"
So these came to Philip, who was from Bethsaida in Galilee, and asked him, "Sir, we wish to see Jesus."

12:22 腓力去告诉安得烈，安得烈同腓力去告诉耶稣。
Philip went and told Andrew; Andrew and Philip went and told Jesus.

12:23 耶稣说："人子得荣耀的时候到了。
And Jesus answered them, "The hour has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.

12:24 我实实在在地告诉你们，一粒麦子不落在地里死了，仍旧是一粒；若是死了，就结出许多子粒来。
Truly, truly, I say to you, unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains alone; but if it dies, it bears much fruit.

12:25 爱惜自己生命的，就失丧生命；在这世上恨恶自己生命的，就要保守生命到永生。
Whoever loves his life loses it, and whoever hates his life in this world will keep it for eternal life.

12:26 若有人服事我，就当跟从我；我在哪里，服事我的人也要在那里；若有人服事我，我父必尊重他。"
If anyone serves me, he must follow me; and where I am, there will my servant be also. If anyone serves me, the Father will honor him.

12:27 我现在心里忧愁，我说什么才好呢？父啊，救我脱离这时候；但我原是为这时候来的。
"Now is my soul troubled. And what shall I say? 'Father, save me from this hour'? But for this purpose I have come to this hour.

12:28 父啊，愿你荣耀你的名！"当时就有声音从天上来，说："我已经荣耀了我的名，还要再荣耀。"
Father, glorify your name." Then a voice came from heaven: "I have glorified it, and I will glorify it again."

12:29 众人听见声音说："你已经荣耀了你的名，还要再荣耀。"
When the crowd heard it, they said it had thundered. Others said, "An angel has spoken to him."

12:30 耶稣说："这声音不是为我，乃是为你们来的。
Jesus answered, "This voice has come for your sake, not mine.

12:31 现在这世界受审判，这世界的王要被赶出去。
Now is the judgment of this world; now will the ruler of this world be cast out.

12:32 我若从地上被举起来，就要吸引万人来归我。"
And I, when I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all people to myself."

12:33 耶稣这话原是指着自己将要怎样死说的。
He said this to show by what kind of death he was going to die.

12:34 众人回答说："我们听见律法上有话说：'基督是永存的'，你怎么说'人子必须被举起来'呢？这人子是谁呢？"
The crowd answered, "We have heard from the Law that the Christ remains forever. How do you say that the Son of Man must be lifted up? Who is this Son of Man?"

12:35 耶稣对他们说："光在你们中间还有不多的时候，应当趁着有光行走，免得黑暗临到你们；那在黑暗里行走的，不知道往何处去。
So Jesus said to them, "The light is among you for a little while longer. Walk while you have the light, lest darkness overtake you. The one who walks in the darkness does not know where he is going.

12:36 你们应当趁着有光，信从这光，使你们成为光明之子。"耶稣说了这话，就离开他们隐藏了。
While you have the light, believe in the light, that you may become sons of light." When Jesus had said these things, he departed and hid himself from them.

13:1 逾越节快到了。
Now before the Feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour had come to depart out of this world to the Father,

13:2 他既然爱世间属自己的人，就爱他们到底。
having loved his own who were in the world, he loved them to the end.

13:3 吃晚饭的时候，魔鬼已将卖耶稣的意思放在西门的儿子加略人犹大的心里。
During supper, when the devil had already put it into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him,

13:4 耶稣知道父已将万有交在他手里，且知道自己是从神出来的，又要归到神那里去，
Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he had come from God and was going back to God,

13:5 就离席站起来，脱了衣服，拿一条手巾束腰，
he rose from supper. He laid aside his outer garments, and taking a towel, he tied it around his waist.

13:6 随后把水倒在盆里，就洗门徒的脚，并用自己所束的手巾擦干。
Then he poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples' feet and to wipe them with the towel that was wrapped around him.

13:7 挨到西门彼得，彼得对他说："主啊，你洗我的脚吗？"
He came to Simon Peter, who said to him, "Lord, do you wash my feet?"

13:8 彼得说："你永不可洗我的脚！"耶稣说："我若不洗你，你就与我无分了。"
Peter said to him, "You shall never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I do not wash you, you have no share with me."

13:9 彼得说："主啊，不但我的脚，连手和头也要洗。"
Simon Peter said to him, "Lord, not my feet only but also my hands and my head!"

13:10 耶稣说："凡洗过澡的人，只要把脚一洗，全身就干净了。你们是干净的，然而不都是干净的。"
Jesus said to him, "The one who has bathed does not need to wash, except for his feet, but is completely clean. And you are clean, though not every one of you."

13:11 耶稣原知道要卖他的是谁，所以说："你们不都是干净的。"
For he knew who was to betray him; that was why he said, "Not all of you are clean."

13:12 耶稣洗完了他们的脚，就穿上衣服，又坐下，对他们说："我向你们所作的，你们明白吗？
When he had washed their feet and put on his outer garments and resumed his place, he said to them, "Do you understand what I have done to you?

13:13 你们称呼我夫子，称呼我主，你们说的不错，我本来是。
You call me Teacher and Lord, and you are right, for so I am.

13:14 我是你们的主，你们的夫子，尚且洗你们的脚，你们也当彼此洗脚。
If I then, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet.

13:15 我给你们作了榜样，叫你们照着我向你们所作的去作。
For I have given you an example, that you also should do just as I have done to you.

13:16 我实实在在地告诉你们，仆人不能大于主人；差人也不能大于差他的人。
Truly, truly, I say to you, a servant is not greater than his master, nor is a messenger greater than the one who sent him.

13:17 你们既知道这事，若是去行就有福了。
If you know these things, blessed are you if you do them.

13:18 我这话不是指着你们众人说的，我知道我所拣选的是谁。现在要应验经上的话，说：'同我吃饭的人用脚踢我。'
I am not speaking of all of you; I know whom I have chosen. But the Scripture will be fulfilled, 'He who ate my bread has lifted his heel against me.'

13:19 如今事情还没有成就，我要先告诉你们，叫你们到那时候可以信我是基督。
I am telling you this now, before it comes to pass, that when it does come to pass you may believe that I am he.

13:20 我实实在在地告诉你们，有人接待我所差遣的，就是接待我；接待我，就是接待那差遣我的。
Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever receives the one I send receives me, and whoever receives me receives him who sent me."

13:21 耶稣说了这话，心里忧愁，就明说："我实实在在地告诉你们，你们中间有一个人要卖我了。"
After saying these things, Jesus was troubled in his spirit, and testified, "Truly, truly, I say to you, one of you will betray me."

13:22 门徒彼此对看，猜不透所说的是谁。
The disciples looked at one another, uncertain of whom he spoke.

13:23 有一个门徒，是耶稣所爱的，侧身挨近耶稣的怀里。
One of his disciples, whom Jesus loved, was reclining at table at Jesus' side,

13:24 西门彼得点头对他说："你告诉我们，主是指着谁说的。"
so Simon Peter motioned to him to ask Jesus of whom he was speaking.

13:25 那门徒便就势靠着耶稣的胸膛，问他说："主啊，是谁呢？"
So that disciple, leaning back against Jesus, said to him, "Lord, who is it?"

13:26 耶稣回答说："我蘸一点饼给谁，谁就是了。"耶稣就蘸了一点饼，递给加略人西门的儿子犹大。
Jesus answered, "It is he to whom I will give this morsel of bread when I have dipped it." So when he had dipped the morsel, he gave it to Judas, the son of Simon Iscariot.

13:27 他吃了以后，撒但就入了他的心。耶稣便对他说："你所要作的，快作吧！"
Then after he had taken the morsel, Satan entered into him. Jesus said to him, "What you are going to do, do quickly."

13:28 同席的人没有一个知道是为什么对他说这话。
Now no one at the table knew why he said this to him.

13:29 有人因犹大带着钱囊，以为耶稣是对他说："你去买我们过节所当用的东西"，或是叫他拿什么周济穷人。
For some thought, because Judas had the moneybag, that Jesus was telling him, "Buy what we need for the feast," or that he should give something to the poor.

13:30 犹大受了那点饼，就出去。那时候是夜间了。
So, after receiving the morsel of bread, he immediately went out. And it was night.

13:31 他既出去，耶稣就说："如今人子得了荣耀，神在人子身上也得了荣耀。
When he had gone out, Jesus said, "Now is the Son of Man glorified, and God is glorified in him.

13:32 神要因自己荣耀人子，并且要快快地荣耀他。
If God is glorified in him, God will also glorify him in himself, and glorify him at once.

13:33 小子们，我还有不多的时候与你们同在；后来你们要找我，但我所去的地方你们不能到。这话我曾对犹太人说过，如今也照样对你们说。
Little children, yet a little while I am with you. You will seek me, and just as I said to the Jews, so now I also say to you, 'Where I am going you cannot come.'

13:34 我赐给你们一条新命令，乃是叫你们彼此相爱；我怎样爱你们，你们也要怎样相爱。
A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another: just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.

13:35 你们若有彼此相爱的心，众人因此就认出你们是我的门徒了。"
By this all people will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another."

13:36 西门彼得问耶稣说："主往哪里去？"耶稣回答说："我所去的地方，你现在不能跟我去，后来却要跟我去。"
Simon Peter said to him, "Lord, where are you going?" Jesus answered him, "Where I am going you cannot follow me now, but you will follow afterward."

13:37 彼得说："主啊，我为什么现在不能跟你去呢？我愿意为你舍命！"
Peter said to him, "Lord, why can I not follow you now? I will lay down my life for you."

13:38 耶稣说："你愿意为我舍命吗？我实实在在地告诉你，鸡叫以先，你要三次不认我。
Jesus answered, "Will you lay down your life for me? Truly, truly, I say to you, the rooster will not crow till you have denied me three times."

14:1 耶稣对跟他的人说："你们心里不要难过，也不要害怕。
"Let not your hearts be troubled. Believe in God; believe also in me.

14:2 在我父的家里有许多住处；若是没有，我就早已告诉你们了。我去原是为你们预备地方去。
In my Father's house are many rooms. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you?

14:3 我若去为你们预备了地方，就必再来接你们到我那里去，我在哪里，叫你们也在哪里。
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, that where I am you may be also.

14:4 我往哪里去，你们知道；那条路，你们也知道。"
And you know the way to where I am going."

14:5 多马对他说："主啊，我们不知道你往哪里去，怎么知道那条路呢？"
Thomas said to him, "Lord, we do not know where you are going. How can we know the way?"

14:6 耶稣说："我就是道路、真理、生命；若不藉着我，没有人能到父那里去。
Jesus said to him, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.

14:7 你们若认识我，也就认识我的父。从今以后，你们认识他，并且已经看见他。"
If you had known me, you would have known my Father also. From now on you do know him and have seen him."

14:8 腓力对他说："求主将父显给我们看，我们就知足了。"
Philip said to him, "Lord, show us the Father, and it is enough for us."

14:9 耶稣对他说："腓力，我与你们同在这样长久，你还不认识我吗？人看见了我，就是看见了父，你怎么说'将父显给我们看'呢？
Jesus said to him, "Have I been with you so long, and you still do not know me, Philip? Whoever has seen me has seen the Father. How can you say, 'Show us the Father'?

14:10 我在父里面，父在我里面，你不信吗？我对你们所说的话，不是凭着自己说的，乃是住在我里面的父作他自己的事。
Do you not believe that I am in the Father and the Father is in me? The words that I say to you I do not speak on my own authority, but the Father who dwells in me does his works.

14:11 你们当信我，我在父里面，父在我里面；即或不信，也当因我所作的事信我。
Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father in me, or else believe on account of the works themselves.

14:12 我实实在在地告诉你们，到那日，你们什么奉我的名，我必成就，叫父因儿子得荣耀。
Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever believes in me will also do the works that I do; and greater works than these will he do, because I am going to the Father.

14:13 你们奉我的名无论求什么，我必成就，叫父因儿子得荣耀。
Whatever you ask in my name, this I will do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

14:14 你们若奉我的名求什么，我必成就。
If you ask me anything in my name, I will do it.

14:15 你们若爱我，就必遵守我的命令。
"If you love me, you will keep my commandments.

14:16 我要求父，父就另外赐给你们一位保惠师，叫他永远与你们同在，
And I will ask the Father, and he will give you another Helper, to be with you forever,

14:17 就是真理的圣灵，乃世人不能接受的；因为不见他，也不认识他。你们却认识他，因他常与你们同在，也要在你们里面。
even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it neither sees him nor knows him. You know him, for he dwells with you and will be in you.

14:18 我不撇下你们为孤儿，我必到你们这里来。
I will not leave you as orphans; I will come to you.

14:19 还有不多的时候，世人不再看见我，你们却看见我；因为我活着，你们也要活着。
Yet a little while and the world will see me no more, but you will see me. Because I live, you also will live.

14:20 到那日，你们就知道我在父里面，你们在我里面，我也在你们里面。
In that day you will know that I am in my Father, and you in me, and I in you.

14:21 有了我的命令又遵守的，这人就是爱我的；爱我的必蒙我父爱他，我也要爱他，并且要向他显现。"
Whoever has my commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves me. And he who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I will love him and manifest myself to him."

14:22 犹大（不是加略人犹大）问耶稣说："主啊，为什么要向我们显现，不向世人显现呢？"
Judas (not Iscariot) said to him, "Lord, how is it that you will manifest yourself to us, and not to the world?"

14:23 耶稣回答说："人若爱我，就必遵守我的道；我父也必爱他，并且我们要到他那里去，与他同住。
Jesus answered him, "If anyone loves me, he will keep my word, and my Father will love him, and we will come to him and make our home with him.

14:24 不爱我的人就不遵守我的道。你们所听见的道不是我的，乃是差我来之父的道。"
Whoever does not love me does not keep my words. And the word that you hear is not mine but the Father's who sent me.

14:25 我还与你们同住的时候就将这些话对你们说了。
"These things I have spoken to you while I am still with you.

14:26 但保惠师，就是父因我的名所要差来的圣灵，他要将一切的事指教你们，并且要叫你们想起我对你们所说的一切话。
But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring to your remembrance all that I have said to you.

14:27 我留下平安给你们；我将我的平安赐给你们。我所赐的，不像世人所赐的。你们心里不要忧愁，也不要胆怯。
Peace I leave with you; my peace I give to you. Not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your hearts be troubled, neither let them be afraid.

14:28 你们听见我对你们说了，我去还要到你们这里来。你们若爱我，因我到父那里去，就必喜乐，因为父是比我大的。
You heard me say to you, 'I am going away, and I will come to you.' If you loved me, you would have rejoiced, because I am going to the Father, for the Father is greater than I.

14:29 现在事情还没有成就，我预先告诉你们，叫你们到事情成就的时候就可以信。
And now I have told you before it takes place, so that when it does take place you may believe.

14:30 以后我不再和你们多说话，因为这世界的王将到。他在我里面是毫无所有；
I will no longer talk much with you, for the ruler of this world is coming. He has no claim on me,

14:31 但要叫世人知道我爱父，并且父怎样吩咐我，我就怎样行。起来，我们走吧！"
but I do as the Father has commanded me, so that the world may know that I love the Father. Rise, let us go from here."

15:1 耶稣说："我是真正的葡萄树，我的父是种树的人。
"I am the true vine, and my Father is the vinedresser.

15:2 凡属我不结果子的枝子，他就剪去；凡结果子的，他就修理干净，使枝子结果子更多。
Every branch in me that does not bear fruit he takes away, and every branch that does bear fruit he prunes, that it may bear more fruit.

15:3 现在你们因我讲给你们的道，已经干净了。
Already you are clean because of the word that I have spoken to you.

15:4 你们要常在我里面，我也常在你们里面。枝子离开葡萄树就不能结果子；你们离开我也不能作什么。
Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit by itself, unless it abides in the vine, neither can you, unless you abide in me.

15:5 我是葡萄树，你们是枝子。常在我里面的，我也常在他里面，这人就多结果子；因为离了我，你们就不能作什么。
I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever abides in me and I in him, he it is that bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing.

15:6 人若不常在我里面，就像枝子丢在外面枯干，人拾起来，扔在火里烧了。
If anyone does not abide in me he is thrown away like a branch and withers; and the branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned.

15:7 你们若常在我里面，我的话也常在你们里面，凡你们所愿意的，祈求，就给你们成就。
If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, ask whatever you wish, and it will be done for you.

15:8 你们多结果子，我父就因此得荣耀，你们也就是我的门徒了。
By this my Father is glorified, that you bear much fruit and so prove to be my disciples.

15:9 我爱你们，正如父爱我一样；你们要常在我的爱里。
As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you. Abide in my love.

15:10 你们若遵守我的命令，就常在我的爱里，正如我遵守了我父的命令，常在他的爱里。
If you keep my commandments, you will abide in my love, just as I have kept my Father's commandments and abide in his love.

15:11 "这些事我已经对你们说了，是要叫我的喜乐存在你们心里，并叫你们的喜乐可以满足。
These things I have spoken to you, that my joy may be in you, and that your joy may be full.

15:12 你们要彼此相爱，像我爱你们一样；这就是我的命令。
This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you.

15:13 人为朋友舍命，人的爱心没有比这个大的。
Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends.

15:14 你们若遵行我所吩咐你们的，就是我的朋友了。
You are my friends if you do what I command you.

15:15 以后我不再称你们为仆人，因仆人不知道主人所作的事。我乃称你们为朋友，因我从我父所听见的，已经都告诉你们了。
No longer do I call you servants, for the servant does not know what his master is doing; but I have called you friends, for all that I have heard from my Father I have made known to you.

15:16 不是你们拣选了我，是我拣选了你们，并且分派你们去结果子，叫你们的果子常存，使你们奉我的名，无论向父求什么，他就赐给你们。
You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you.

15:17 我这样吩咐你们，是要叫你们彼此相爱。"
These things I command you, so that you will love one another."

15:18 "世人若恨你们，你们知道（或作：应当思想），恨你们以先已经恨我了。
"If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you.

15:19 你们若属世界，世界必爱属自己的；只因你们不属世界，乃是我从世界中拣选了你们，所以世界就恨你们。
If you were of the world, the world would love you as its own; but because you are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hates you.

15:20 你们要记念我从前对你们所说的话：'仆人不能大于主人。'他们若逼迫了我，也要逼迫你们；若遵守了我的话，也要遵守你们的话。
Remember the word that I said to you: 'A servant is not greater than his master.' If they persecuted me, they will also persecute you. If they kept my word, they will also keep yours.

15:21 但他们因我的名要向你们行这一切的事，因为他们不认识那差我来的。
But all these things they will do to you on account of my name, because they do not know him who sent me.

15:22 我若没有来教训他们，他们就没有罪；但如今他们的罪无可推诿了。
If I had not come and spoken to them, they would have no guilt. But now they have no excuse for their sin.

15:23 恨我的，也恨我的父。
Whoever hates me hates my Father also.

15:24 我若没有在他们中间行过别人未曾行的事，他们就没有罪；但如今连我与我的父，他们也看见也恨了。
If I had not done among them the works that no one else did, they would not be guilty of sin, but now they have seen and hated both me and my Father.

15:25 这要应验他们律法上所写的话，说：'他们无故地恨我。'
But the word that is written in their Law must be fulfilled: 'They hated me without a cause.'

15:26 但我要从父那里差保惠师来，就是从父出来真理的圣灵；他来了，就要为我作见证。
"But when the Helper comes, whom I will send to you from the Father, the Spirit of truth, who proceeds from the Father, he will bear witness about me.

15:27 你们也要作见证，因为你们从起头就与我同在。"
And you also will bear witness, because you have been with me from the beginning."

16:1 耶稣又说："我把这些事告诉你们，是不想让你们离开神。
"I have said all these things to you to keep you from falling away.

16:2 人要把你们赶出会堂，并且时候将到，凡杀你们的就以为是事奉神。
They will put you out of the synagogues. Indeed, the hour is coming when whoever kills you will think he is offering service to God.

16:3 他们这样行，是因未曾认识父，也未曾认识我。
And they will do these things because they have not known the Father, nor me.

16:4 我将这事告诉你们，是叫你们到了时候可以想起我对你们说过了。我起先没有将这事告诉你们，是因为我还与你们同在。
But I have said these things to you, that when their hour comes you may remember that I told you of them. I did not say these things to you from the beginning, because I was with you.

16:5 现今我往差我来的父那里去，你们中间并没有人问我：'你往哪里去？'
But now I am going to him who sent me, and none of you asks me, 'Where are you going?'

16:6 只因我将这些事告诉你们，你们就满心忧愁。
But because I have said these things to you, sorrow has filled your heart.

16:7 然而，我将真情告诉你们，我去是与你们有益的；我若不去，保惠师就不到你们这里来；我若去，就差他来。
Nevertheless, I tell you the truth: it is to your advantage that I go away, for if I do not go away, the Helper will not come to you. But if I go, I will send him to you.

16:8 他既来了，就要叫世人为罪、为义、为审判，自己责备自己。
And when he comes, he will convict the world concerning sin and righteousness and judgment:

16:9 为罪，是因他们不信我；
concerning sin, because they do not believe in me;

16:10 为义，是因我往父那里去，你们就不再见我；
concerning righteousness, because I go to the Father, and you will see me no longer;

16:11 为审判，是因这世界的王受了审判。
concerning judgment, because the ruler of this world is judged.

16:12 我还有好些事要告诉你们，但你们现在担当不了。
"I still have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now.

16:13 只等真理的圣灵来了，他要引导你们明白一切的真理；因为他不是凭自己说的，乃是把他所听见的都说出来，并要把将来的事告诉你们。
When the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all the truth, for he will not speak on his own authority, but whatever he hears he will speak, and he will declare to you the things that are to come.

16:14 他要荣耀我，因为他要将受于我的告诉你们。
He will glorify me, for he will take what is mine and declare it to you.

16:15 凡父所有的，都是我的；所以我说，他要将受于我的告诉你们。"
All that the Father has is mine; therefore I said that he will take what is mine and declare it to you.

16:16 等不多时，你们就不得见我；再等不多时，你们还要见我。"
"A little while, and you will see me no longer; and again a little while, and you will see me."

16:17 有几个门徒就彼此说："他说'等不多时'是什么意思呢？我们不明白他所说的话。"
So some of his disciples said to one another, "What is this that he says to us, 'A little while, and you will not see me, and again a little while, and you will see me'; and, 'because I am going to the Father'?"

16:18 他们又说："他说'等不多时'到底是什么意思呢？岂不是不明白他所说的话吗？"
They said, "What does he mean by 'a little while'? We do not know what he is talking about."

16:19 耶稣看出他们是要问他，就说："我说'等不多时，你们就不得见我；再等不多时，你们还要见我'，你们为这话彼此相问吗？
Jesus knew that they wanted to ask him, so he said to them, "Is this what you are asking yourselves, what I meant by saying, 'A little while and you will not see me, and again a little while and you will see me'?

16:20 我实实在在地告诉你们，你们将要痛哭、哀号，世人倒要喜乐；你们将要忧愁，然而你们的忧愁要变为喜乐。
Truly, truly, I say to you, you will weep and lament, but the world will rejoice. You will be sorrowful, but your sorrow will turn into joy.

16:21 妇人生产的时候就忧愁，因为她的时候到了；既生了孩子，就不再记念那苦楚，因为欢喜世上生了一个人。
When a woman is giving birth, she has sorrow, because her hour has come. But when she has delivered the baby, she no longer remembers the anguish, for joy that a human being has been born into the world.

16:22 你们现在也是忧愁，但我要再见你们，你们的心就喜乐了；这喜乐也没有人能夺去。
So also you have sorrow now, but I will see you again, and your hearts will rejoice, and no one will take your joy from you.

16:23 到那日，你们什么也就不问我了。我实实在在地告诉你们，你们若向父求什么，他必因我的名赐给你们。
In that day you will ask nothing of me. Truly, truly, I say to you, whatever you ask of the Father in my name, he will give it to you.

16:24 向来你们没有奉我的名求什么，如今你们求，就必得着，叫你们的喜乐可以满足。"
Until now you have asked nothing in my name. Ask, and you will receive, that your joy may be full."

16:25 "这些事，我是用比喻对你们说的；时候将到，我不再用比喻对你们说，乃要将父明明地告诉你们。
"I have said these things to you in figures of speech. The hour is coming when I will no longer speak to you in figures of speech but will tell you plainly about the Father.

16:26 到那日，你们要奉我的名祈求；我并不对你们说，我要为你们求父。
In that day you will ask in my name, and I do not say to you that I will ask the Father on your behalf.

16:27 父自己爱你们，因为你们已经爱我，又信我是从父出来的。
For the Father himself loves you, because you have loved me and have believed that I came from God.

16:28 我从父出来，到了世界；我又离开世界，往父那里去。"
I came from the Father and have come into the world, and now I am leaving the world and going to the Father."

16:29 门徒说："如今你是明说，并不用比喻了。
His disciples said, "Ah, now you are speaking plainly and not using figurative speech!

16:30 现在我们晓得你凡事都知道，也不用人问你，因此我们信你是从神出来的。"
Now we know that you know all things and do not need anyone to question you; this is why we believe that you came from God."

16:31 耶稣说："现在你们信吗？
Jesus answered them, "Do you now believe?

16:32 看哪，时候将到，且是已经到了，你们要分散，各归自己的地方去，留下我独自一人；其实我不是独自一人，因为有父与我同在。
Behold, the hour is coming, indeed it has come, when you will be scattered, each to his own home, and will leave me alone. Yet I am not alone, for the Father is with me.

16:33 我将这些事告诉你们，是要叫你们在我里面有平安。在世上，你们有苦难；但你们可以放心，我已经胜了世界。"
I have said these things to you, that in me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world."

17:1 耶稣说完这些话，就抬头看天说："父啊，时候到了。
When Jesus had spoken these words, he lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, "Father, the hour has come;

17:2 求你荣耀你的儿子，使儿子也荣耀你；
glorify your Son, that the Son may glorify you,

17:3 因为你曾赐给他权柄管理凡有血气的，叫他把永生赐给你所赐给他的人。
since you have given him authority over all flesh, to give eternal life to all whom you have given him.

17:4 我已经将你的名显明与他们。我还在世上，他们就信你。
I have glorified you on earth, having accomplished the work that you gave me to do.

17:5 你所赐给我的名，我与他们讲过了，还要讲，使你所爱我的爱在他们里面。
And now, Father, glorify me in your own presence with the glory that I had with you before the world existed.

17:6 你从世上赐给我的人，我已将你的名显明与他们。他们本是你的，你将他们赐给我，他们也遵守了你的话。
"I have manifested your name to the people whom you gave me out of the world. Yours they were, and you gave them to me, and they have kept your word.

17:7 如今他们知道，凡你所赐给我的，都是从你那里来的；
Now they know that everything that you have given me is from you.

17:8 因为你所赐给我的话，我已经赐给他们。他们也领受了，又确实知道，我是从你出来的，并且信你差了我来。
For I have given them the words that you gave me, and they have received them and have come to know in truth that I came from you; and they have believed that you sent me.

17:9 我为他们祈求，不为世人祈求，却为你所赐给我的人祈求，因他们本是你的。
I am praying for them. I am not praying for the world but for those whom you have given me, for they are yours.

17:10 凡是我的，都是你的；你的也是我的，并且我因他们得了荣耀。
All mine are yours, and yours are mine, and I am glorified in them.

17:11 从今以后，我不在世上，他们却在世上，我到你那里去。圣父啊，求你因你所赐给我的名保守他们，叫他们合而为一像我们一样。
And I am no longer in the world, but they are in the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, keep them in your name, which you have given me, that they may be one, even as we are one.

17:12 我与他们同在的时候，因你所赐给我的名保守了他们，我也护卫了他们；其中除了那灭亡之子，没有一个灭亡的，好叫经上的话得应验。
While I was with them, I kept them in your name, which you have given me. I have guarded them, and not one of them has been lost except the son of destruction, that the Scripture might be fulfilled.

17:13 现在我往你那里去，我还在世上说这话，是叫他们心里充满我的喜乐。
But now I am coming to you. I am saying these things in the world, that they may have my joy fulfilled in themselves.

17:14 我已将你的道赐给他们。世界又恨他们；因为他们不属世界，正如我不属世界一样。
I have given them your word, and the world has hated them because they are not of the world, just as I am not of the world.

17:15 我不求你叫他们离开世界，只求你保守他们脱离那恶者。
I do not ask that you take them out of the world, but that you keep them from the evil one.

17:16 他们不属世界，正如我不属世界一样。
They are not of the world, just as I am not of the world.

17:17 求你用真理使他们成圣；你的道就是真理。
Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth.

17:18 你怎样差我到世上，我也照样差他们到世上。
As you sent me into the world, so I have sent them into the world.

17:19 我为他们的缘故，自己分别为圣，叫他们也因真理成圣。
And for their sake I consecrate myself, that they also may be sanctified in truth.

17:20 "我不但为这些人祈求，也为那些因他们的话信我的人祈求，
"I do not ask for these only, but also for those who will believe in me through their word,

17:21 使他们都合而为一。正如你父在我里面，我在你里面，使他们也在我们里面，叫世人可以信你差了我来。
that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in me, and I in you, that they also may be in us, so that the world may believe that you have sent me.

17:22 你所赐给我的荣耀，我已赐给他们，使他们合而为一，像我们合而为一。
The glory that you have given me I have given to them, that they may be one even as we are one,

17:23 我在他们里面，你在我里面，使他们完完全全地合而为一，叫世人知道你差了我来，也知道你爱他们如同爱我一样。
I in them and you in me, that they may become perfectly one, so that the world may know that you sent me and loved them even as you loved me.

17:24 父啊，我在哪里，愿你所赐给我的人也同我在那里，叫他们看见你所赐给我的荣耀；因为创立世界以前，你已经爱我了。
Father, I desire that they also, whom you have given me, may be with me where I am, to see my glory that you have given me because you loved me before the foundation of the world.

17:25 公义的父啊，世人未曾认识你，我却认识你；这些人也知道你差了我来。
O righteous Father, even though the world does not know you, I know you, and these know that you have sent me.

17:26 我已将你的名指示他们，还要指示他们，使你所爱我的爱在他们里面，我也在他们里面。"
I have made your name known to them, and I will continue to make it known, that the love with which you have loved me may be in them, and I in them."

18:1 耶稣祷告完了，就和跟他的人出去，过了汲沦溪。
When Jesus had spoken these words, he went out with his disciples across the brook Kidron, where there was a garden, which he and his disciples entered.

18:2 卖耶稣的犹大也知道那地方，因为耶稣和门徒屡次在那里聚集。
Now Judas, who betrayed him, also knew the place, for Jesus often met there with his disciples.

18:3 犹大带着一队兵和祭司长并法利赛人的差役，拿着灯笼、火把、兵器，来到园里。
So Judas, having procured a band of soldiers and some officers from the chief priests and the Pharisees, went there with lanterns and torches and weapons.

18:4 耶稣知道将要临到自己的一切事，就出来对他们说："你们找谁？"
Then Jesus, knowing all that would happen to him, came forward and said to them, "Whom do you seek?"

18:5 他们回答说："找拿撒勒人耶稣。"耶稣说："我就是。"卖他的犹大也同站在那里。
They answered, "Jesus of Nazareth." Jesus said to them, "I am he." Judas, who betrayed him, was standing with them.

18:6 耶稣一说"我就是"，他们就退后倒在地上。
When Jesus said to them, "I am he," they drew back and fell to the ground.

18:7 他又问他们说："你们找谁？"他们说："找拿撒勒人耶稣。"
So he asked them again, "Whom do you seek?" And they said, "Jesus of Nazareth."

18:8 耶稣说："我已经告诉你们，我就是。你们若找我，就让这些人去吧。"
Jesus answered, "I told you that I am he. So, if you seek me, let these men go."

18:9 这要应验耶稣从前的话，说："你所赐给我的人，我没有失落一个。"
This was to fulfill the word that he had spoken: "Of those whom you gave me I have lost not one."

18:10 西门彼得带着一把刀，就拔出来，将大祭司的仆人砍了一刀，削掉他的右耳；那仆人名叫马勒古。
Then Simon Peter, having a sword, drew it and struck the high priest's servant and cut off his right ear. (The servant's name was Malchus.)

18:11 耶稣对彼得说："收刀入鞘吧，我父所给我的那杯，我岂可不喝呢？"
So Jesus said to Peter, "Put your sword into its sheath; shall I not drink the cup that the Father has given me?"

18:12 那队兵和千夫长，并犹太人的差役就拿住耶稣，把他捆绑了，
So the band of soldiers and their captain and the officers of the Jews arrested Jesus and bound him.

18:13 先带到亚那那里，因为亚那是本年作大祭司该亚法的岳父。
First they led him to Annas, for he was the father-in-law of Caiaphas, who was high priest that year.

18:14 这该亚法就是从前向犹太人发议论说"一个人替百姓死是有益的"那位。
It was Caiaphas who had advised the Jews that it would be expedient that one man should die for the people.

18:15 西门彼得跟着耶稣，还有一个少年人也跟着耶稣，那少年人是大祭司的仆人，他进到大祭司的院子里，
Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple. Since that disciple was known to the high priest, he entered with Jesus into the courtyard of the high priest,

18:16 彼得却站在门外。大祭司的仆人就出来，对看门的使女说："你不要让那同拿撒勒人耶稣一起来的少年人也进院子吗？"
but Peter stood outside at the door. So the other disciple, who was known to the high priest, went out and spoke to the servant girl who kept watch at the door, and brought Peter in.

18:17 那看门的使女对彼得说："你不也是这人的门徒吗？"彼得说："我不是。"
The servant girl at the door said to Peter, "You also are not one of this man's disciples, are you?" He said, "I am not."

18:18 仆人和差役因为天冷，就生了炭火，站在那里烤火；彼得也同他们站着烤火。
Now the servants and officers had made a charcoal fire, because it was cold, and they were standing and warming themselves. Peter also was with them, standing and warming himself.

18:19 大祭司就以耶稣的门徒和他的教训盘问他。
The high priest then questioned Jesus about his disciples and his teaching.

18:20 耶稣回答说："我从来是明明地对世人说话。我常在会堂和殿里，就是犹太人聚集的地方教训人；我在暗地里并没有说什么。
Jesus answered him, "I have spoken openly to the world. I have always taught in synagogues and in the temple, where all Jews come together. I have said nothing in secret.

18:21 你为什么问我呢？可以问那听见的人，我对他们说的是什么；我所说的，他们都知道。"
Why do you ask me? Ask those who have heard me what I said to them; they know what I said."

18:22 耶稣说了这话，旁边站着的一个差役用手掌打他，说："你这样回答大祭司吗？"
When he had said these things, one of the officers standing by struck Jesus with his hand, saying, "Is that how you answer the high priest?"

18:23 耶稣说："我若说得不是，你可以指证那不是；我若说得是，你为什么打我呢？"
Jesus answered him, "If what I said is wrong, bear witness about the wrong; but if what I said is right, why do you strike me?"

18:24 亚那就把耶稣解到大祭司该亚法那里，仍是捆着解去的。
Then Annas sent him bound to Caiaphas the high priest.

18:25 西门彼得正站着烤火，有人对他说："你真是他的门徒吗？"彼得不承认，说："我不是。"
Now Simon Peter was standing and warming himself. So they said to him, "You also are not one of his disciples, are you?" He denied it and said, "I am not."

18:26 有大祭司的一个仆人，是彼得削掉耳朵那人的亲属，说："我岂没有看见你同他在园子里吗？"
One of the servants of the high priest, a relative of the man whose ear Peter had cut off, asked, "Did I not see you in the garden with him?"

18:27 彼得又不承认。立时鸡就叫了。
Peter again denied it, and at once a rooster crowed.

18:28 他们从该亚法那里往衙门去，那时天还早。他们自己进衙门，恐怕染了污秽，不能吃逾越节的筵席。
Then they led Jesus from the house of Caiaphas to the governor's headquarters. It was early morning. They themselves did not enter the governor's headquarters, so that they would not be defiled, but could eat the Passover.

18:29 彼拉多就出来，到他们那里，说："你们告这人是为什么事呢？"
So Pilate went outside to them and said, "What accusation do you bring against this man?"

18:30 他们回答说："这人若不是作恶的，我们就不把他交给你。"
They answered him, "If this man were not doing evil, we would not have delivered him over to you."

18:31 彼拉多说："你们自己带他去，按着你们的律法审问他吧。"犹太人说："我们没有杀人的权柄。"
Pilate said to them, "Take him yourselves and judge him by your own law." The Jews said to him, "It is not lawful for us to put anyone to death."

18:32 这要应验耶稣所说自己将要怎样死的话了。
This was to fulfill the word that Jesus had spoken to show by what kind of death he was going to die.

18:33 彼拉多又进了衙门，叫耶稣来，对他说："你是犹太人的王吗？"
So Pilate entered his headquarters again and called Jesus and said to him, "Are you the King of the Jews?"

18:34 耶稣回答说："这话是你自己说的，还是别人论我对你说的呢？"
Jesus answered, "Do you say this of your own accord, or did others say it to you about me?"

18:35 彼拉多说："我岂是犹太人呢？你本国的人和祭司长把你交给我。你作了什么事呢？"
Pilate answered, "Am I a Jew? Your own nation and the chief priests have delivered you to me. What have you done?"

18:36 耶稣回答说："我的国不属这世界；我的国若属这世界，我的臣仆必要争战，使我不至于被交给犹太人。只是我的国不属这世界。"
Jesus answered, "My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, my servants would have been fighting, that I might not be delivered over to the Jews. But my kingdom is not from the world."

18:37 彼拉多就对他说："这样，你是王吗？"耶稣回答说："你说我是王。我为此而生，也为此来到世间，特为给真理作见证。凡属真理的人就听我的话。"
Then Pilate said to him, "So you are a king?" Jesus answered, "You say that I am a king. For this purpose I was born and for this purpose I have come into the world—to bear witness to the truth. Everyone who is of the truth listens to my voice."

18:38 彼拉多说："真理是什么呢？"说了这话，又出来到犹太人那里，说："我查不出他有什么罪来。
Pilate said to him, "What is truth?" After he had said this, he went back outside to the Jews and said to them, "I find no guilt in him.

18:39 但你们有个规矩，在逾越节要我给你们释放一个人，你们要我释放犹太人的王吗？"
But you have a custom that I should release one man for you at the Passover. So do you want me to release to you the King of the Jews?"

18:40 他们又喊着说："不要这人，要巴拉巴！"巴拉巴是个强盗。
They cried out again, "Not this man, but Barabbas!" Now Barabbas was a robber.

19:1 彼拉多叫士兵把耶稣带出去，用鞭子打他很多下。
Then Pilate took Jesus and flogged him.

19:2 士兵用荆棘编作冠冕，戴在他头上，给他穿上紫袍，
And the soldiers twisted together a crown of thorns and put it on his head and arrayed him in a purple robe.

19:3 又说："恭喜，犹太人的王啊！"他们就用手掌打他。
They came up to him, saying, "Hail, King of the Jews!" and struck him with their hands.

19:4 彼拉多又出来对众人说："我带他出来见你们，叫你们知道我查不出他有什么罪来。"
Pilate went out again and said to them, "I am bringing him out to you that you may know that I find no guilt in him."

19:5 耶稣出来，戴着荆棘冠冕，穿着紫袍。彼拉多对他们说："你们看这个人！"
So Jesus came out, wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe. Pilate said to them, "Behold the man!"

19:6 祭司长和差役看见他，就喊着说："钉他十字架！钉他十字架！"彼拉多说："你们自己把他钉十字架吧！我查不出他有什么罪来。"
When the chief priests and the officers saw him, they cried out, "Crucify him, crucify him!" Pilate said to them, "Take him yourselves and crucify him, for I find no guilt in him."

19:7 犹太人回答说："我们有律法，按那律法，他是该死的，因他以自己为神的儿子。"
The Jews answered him, "We have a law, and according to that law he ought to die because he has made himself the Son of God."

19:8 彼拉多听见这话，就越发害怕，
When Pilate heard this statement, he was even more afraid.

19:9 又进衙门，对耶稣说："你是哪里来的？"耶稣却不回答。
He entered his headquarters again and said to Jesus, "Where are you from?" But Jesus gave him no answer.

19:10 彼拉多说："你不对我说话吗？你岂不知我有权柄释放你，也有权柄把你钉十字架吗？"
So Pilate said to him, "You will not speak to me? Do you not know that I have authority to release you and authority to crucify you?"

19:11 耶稣回答说："若不是从上头赐给你的，你就毫无权柄办我。所以把我交给你的那人，罪更重了。"
Jesus answered him, "You would have no authority over me at all unless it had been given you from above. Therefore he who delivered me over to you has the greater sin."

19:12 从此，彼拉多想要释放耶稣，无奈犹太人喊着说："你若释放这个人，就不是凯撒的忠臣；凡以自己为王的，就是背叛凯撒了。"
From then on Pilate sought to release him, but the Jews cried out, "If you release this man, you are not Caesar's friend. Everyone who makes himself a king opposes Caesar."

19:13 彼拉多听见这话，就带耶稣出来，到了一个地方，名叫"铺华石处"，希伯来话叫"厄巴大"，
When Pilate heard these words, he brought Jesus out and sat down on the judgment seat at a place called The Stone Pavement, and in Hebrew Gabbatha.

19:14 那日是预备逾越节的日子，约有午正。彼拉多对犹太人说："看哪，你们的王！"
Now it was the day of Preparation of the Passover. It was about the sixth hour. He said to the Jews, "Behold your King!"

19:15 他们喊着说："除掉他！除掉他！钉他在十字架上！"彼拉多说："我可以把你们的王钉十字架吗？"祭司长回答说："除了凯撒，我们没有王。"
They cried out, "Away with him, away with him, crucify him!" Pilate said to them, "Shall I crucify your King?" The chief priests answered, "We have no king but Caesar."

19:16 于是彼拉多将耶稣交给他们去钉十字架。
So then he delivered him over to them to be crucified.

19:17 他们就把耶稣带了去。耶稣背着自己的十字架出来，到了一个地方，名叫"髑髅地"，希伯来话叫"各各他"。
So they took Jesus, and he went out, bearing his own cross, to the place called The Place of a Skull, which in Hebrew is called Golgotha.

19:18 他们就在那里钉他在十字架上，还有两个人和他一同钉着，一边一个，耶稣在中间。
There they crucified him, and with him two others, one on either side, and Jesus between them.

19:19 彼拉多又用牌子写了一个名号，安在十字架上，写的是："犹太人的王，拿撒勒人耶稣。"
Pilate also wrote an inscription and put it on the cross. It read, "Jesus of Nazareth, the King of the Jews."

19:20 有许多犹太人念这名号；因为耶稣钉十字架的地方与城相近，并且是用希伯来、罗马、希利尼三样文字写的。
Many of the Jews read this inscription, for the place where Jesus was crucified was near the city, and it was written in Aramaic, in Latin, and in Greek.

19:21 犹太人的祭司长就对彼拉多说："不要写'犹太人的王'，要写'他自己说：我是犹太人的王'。"
So the chief priests of the Jews said to Pilate, "Do not write, 'The King of the Jews,' but rather, 'This man said, I am King of the Jews.'"

19:22 彼拉多说："我所写的，我已经写上了。"
Pilate answered, "What I have written I have written."

19:23 士兵既然将耶稣钉在十字架上，就拿他的衣服分为四份，每兵一份；又拿他的里衣，这件里衣原来没有缝儿，是上下一片织成的。
When the soldiers had crucified Jesus, they took his garments and divided them into four parts, one part for each soldier; also his tunic. But the tunic was seamless, woven in one piece from top to bottom,

19:24 就彼此说："我们不要撕，只要拈阄，看谁得着。"这要应验经上的话说："他们分我的外衣，为我的里衣拈阄。"兵丁果然做了这事。
so they said to one another, "Let us not tear it, but cast lots for it to see whose it shall be." This was to fulfill the Scripture which says, "They divided my garments among them, and for my clothing they cast lots." So the soldiers did these things.

19:25 站在耶稣十字架旁边的，有他母亲与他母亲的姊妹，并革罗罢的妻子马利亚和抹大拉的马利亚。
But standing by the cross of Jesus were his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Clopas, and Mary Magdalene.

19:26 耶稣见母亲和他所爱的那门徒站在旁边，就对他母亲说："母亲，看，你的儿子！"
When Jesus saw his mother and the disciple whom he loved standing nearby, he said to his mother, "Woman, behold, your son!"

19:27 又对那门徒说："看，你的母亲！"从此，那门徒就接她到自己家里去了。
Then he said to the disciple, "Behold, your mother!" And from that hour the disciple took her to his own home.

19:28 这事以后，耶稣知道各样的事已经成了，为要使经上的话应验，就说："我渴了。"
After this, Jesus, knowing that all was now finished, said (to fulfill the Scripture), "I thirst."

19:29 有一个盛满了醋的器皿放在那里；他们就拿海绒蘸满了醋，绑在牛膝草上，送到他口。
A jar full of sour wine stood there, so they put a sponge full of the sour wine on a hyssop branch and held it to his mouth.

19:30 耶稣尝了那醋，就说："成了！"便低下头，将灵魂交付神了。
When Jesus had received the sour wine, he said, "It is finished," and he bowed his head and gave up his spirit.

19:31 犹太人因这日是预备日，又因那安息日是大日，就求彼拉多叫人打断他们的腿，把他们拿去，免得尸首当安息日留在十字架上。
Since it was the day of Preparation, and so that the bodies would not remain on the cross on the Sabbath (for that Sabbath was a high day), the Jews asked Pilate that their legs might be broken and that they might be taken away.

19:32 于是兵丁来，把头一个人的腿，并与耶稣同钉第二个人的腿，都打断了。
So the soldiers came and broke the legs of the first, and of the other who had been crucified with him.

19:33 只是来到耶稣那里，见他已经死了，就不打断他的腿。
But when they came to Jesus and saw that he was already dead, they did not break his legs.

19:34 惟有一个兵拿枪扎他的肋旁，随即有血和水流出来。
But one of the soldiers pierced his side with a spear, and at once there came out blood and water.

19:35 看见这事的那人就作见证，他的见证是真的，并且他知道自己所说的是真的，叫你们也可以信。
He who saw it has borne witness—his testimony is true, and he knows that he is telling the truth—that you also may believe.

19:36 这些事成了，为要应验经上的话说："他的骨头一根也不可折断。"
For these things took place that the Scripture might be fulfilled: "Not one of his bones will be broken."

19:37 经上又有一句说："他们要仰望自己所刺的人。"
And again another Scripture says, "They will look on him whom they have pierced."

19:38 这些事以后，有亚利马太人约瑟，是耶稣的门徒，只因怕犹太人，就暗暗地作门徒。他来求彼拉多，要把耶稣的身体领去。
After these things Joseph of Arimathea, who was a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, asked Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus, and Pilate gave him permission.

19:39 又有尼哥底母，就是先前夜里去见耶稣的，带着没药和沉香约有一百斤而来。
Nicodemus also, who earlier had come to Jesus by night, came bringing a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about seventy-five pounds in weight.

19:40 他们就照犹太人殡葬的规矩，把耶稣的身体用细麻布加上香料裹好了。
So they took the body of Jesus and bound it in linen cloths with the spices, as is the burial custom of the Jews.

19:41 在耶稣钉十字架的地方有一个园子，园子里有一座新坟墓，是从来没有葬过人的。
Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden, and in the garden a new tomb where no one had yet been laid.

19:42 只因是犹太人的预备日，又因那坟墓近，他们就把耶稣安放在那里。
So because it was the Jewish day of Preparation, and the tomb was nearby, they laid Jesus there.

20:1 在一周的第一天，天还没亮的时候，抹大拉的马利亚来到那个石头洞那里。
Now on the first day of the week Mary Magdalene came to the tomb early, while it was still dark, and saw that the stone had been taken away from the tomb.

20:2 她就跑去见西门彼得和耶稣所爱的那个门徒，对他们说："有人把主从坟墓里挪了去，我们不知道他们把他放在哪里。"
So she ran and went to Simon Peter and the other disciple, the one whom Jesus loved, and said to them, "They have taken the Lord out of the tomb, and we do not know where they have laid him."

20:3 彼得和那门徒就出来，往坟墓那里去。
Then Peter went out with the other disciple, and they were going toward the tomb.

20:4 两个人同跑，那门徒比彼得跑得更快，先到了坟墓，
Both of them were running together, but the other disciple outran Peter and reached the tomb first.

20:5 低头往里看，就见细麻布还放在那里，只是没有进去。
And stooping to look in, he saw the linen cloths lying there, but he did not go in.

20:6 西门彼得随后也到了，进坟墓里去，就看见细麻布还放在那里，
Then Simon Peter came, following him, and went into the tomb. He saw the linen cloths lying there,

20:7 又看见耶稣的裹头巾没有和细麻布放在一处，是另在一处卷着。
and the face cloth, which had been on Jesus' head, not lying with the linen cloths but folded up in a place by itself.

20:8 先到坟墓的那门徒也进去，看见就信了。
Then the other disciple, who had reached the tomb first, also went in, and he saw and believed;

20:9 因为他们还不明白圣经的意思，就是耶稣必要从死里复活。
for as yet they did not understand the Scripture, that he must rise from the dead.

20:10 于是两个门徒回自己的住处去了。
Then the disciples went back to their homes.

20:11 马利亚却站在坟墓外面哭。哭的时候，低头往坟墓里看，
But Mary stood weeping outside the tomb, and as she wept she stooped to look into the tomb.

20:12 就见两个天使，穿着白衣，在安放耶稣身体的地方坐着，一个在头，一个在脚。
And she saw two angels in white, sitting where Jesus' body had lain, one at the head and one at the foot.

20:13 天使对她说："妇人，你为什么哭？"她说："因为有人把我主挪了去，我不知道他们把他放在哪里。"
They said to her, "Woman, why are you weeping?" She said to them, "They have taken away my Lord, and I do not know where they have laid him."

20:14 说了这话，就转过身来，看见耶稣站在那里，却不知道是耶稣。
Having said this, she turned around and saw Jesus standing, but she did not know that it was Jesus.

20:15 耶稣问她说："妇人，为什么哭？你找谁呢？"马利亚以为是看园的，就对他说："先生，若是你把他移了去，请告诉我，你把他放在哪里，我便去取他。"
Jesus said to her, "Woman, why are you weeping? Whom are you seeking?" Supposing him to be the gardener, she said to him, "Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me where you have laid him, and I will take him away."

20:16 耶稣说："马利亚。"马利亚就转过来，用希伯来话对他说："拉波尼！"（拉波尼就是夫子的意思。）
Jesus said to her, "Mary." She turned and said to him in Aramaic, "Rabboni!" (which means Teacher).

20:17 耶稣说："不要摸我，因我还没有升上去见我的父。你往我弟兄那里去，告诉他们说，我要升上去见我的父，也是你们的父，见我的神，也是你们的神。"
Jesus said to her, "Do not cling to me, for I have not yet ascended to the Father; but go to my brothers and say to them, 'I am ascending to my Father and your Father, to my God and your God.'"

20:18 马利亚就去告诉门徒说："我已经看见了主。"她又将主对她说的这话告诉他们。
Mary Magdalene went and announced to the disciples, "I have seen the Lord"—and that he had said these things to her.

20:19 那日（就是七日的第一日）晚上，门徒所在的地方，因怕犹太人，门都关了。耶稣来，站在当中，对他们说："愿你们平安！"
On the evening of that day, the first day of the week, the doors being locked where the disciples were for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood among them and said to them, "Peace be with you."

20:20 说了这话，就把手和肋旁指给他们看。门徒看见主，就喜乐了。
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his side. Then the disciples were glad when they saw the Lord.

20:21 耶稣又对他们说："愿你们平安！父怎样差遣了我，我也照样差遣你们。"
Jesus said to them again, "Peace be with you. As the Father has sent me, even so I am sending you."

20:22 说了这话，就向他们吹一口气，说："你们受圣灵！
And when he had said this, he breathed on them and said to them, "Receive the Holy Spirit.

20:23 你们赦免谁的罪，谁的罪就赦免了；你们留下谁的罪，谁的罪就留下了。"
If you forgive the sins of any, they are forgiven them; if you withhold forgiveness from any, it is withheld."

20:24 那十二个门徒中，有称为低土马的多马；耶稣来的时候，他没有和他们同在。
Now Thomas, one of the twelve, called the Twin, was not with them when Jesus came.

20:25 那些门徒就对他说："我们已经看见主了。"多马却说："我非看见他手上的钉痕，用指头探入那钉痕，又用手探入他的肋旁，我总不信。"
So the other disciples told him, "We have seen the Lord." But he said to them, "Unless I see in his hands the mark of the nails, and place my finger into the mark of the nails, and place my hand into his side, I will never believe."

20:26 过了八日，门徒又在屋里，多马也和他们同在，门都关了。耶稣来，站在当中说："愿你们平安！"
Eight days later, his disciples were inside again, and Thomas was with them. Although the doors were locked, Jesus came and stood among them and said, "Peace be with you."

20:27 就对多马说："伸过你的指头来，摸我的手；伸出你的手来，探入我的肋旁。不要疑惑，总要信！"
Then he said to Thomas, "Put your finger here, and see my hands; and put out your hand, and place it in my side. Do not disbelieve, but believe."

20:28 多马说："我的主！我的神！"
Thomas answered him, "My Lord and my God!"

20:29 耶稣对他说："你因看见了我才信；那没有看见就信的有福了。"
Jesus said to him, "Have you believed because you have seen me? Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed."

20:30 耶稣在门徒面前另外行了许多神迹，没有记在这书上。
Now Jesus did many other signs in the presence of the disciples, which are not written in this book;

20:31 但记这些事，要叫你们信耶稣是基督，是神的儿子，并且叫你们信了他，就可以因他的名得生命。
but these are written so that you may believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God, and that by believing you may have life in his name.

21:1 这些事以后，耶稣在提比哩亚湖边再次向门徒显现。
After this Jesus revealed himself again to the disciples by the Sea of Tiberias, and he revealed himself in this way.

21:2 有西门彼得和称为低土马的多马，并加利利的迦拿人拿但业，还有西庇太的两个儿子，又有两个门徒，都在一处。
Simon Peter, Thomas (called the Twin), Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, the sons of Zebedee, and two others of his disciples were together.

21:3 西门彼得对他们说："我打鱼去。"他们说："我们也和你同去。"他们就出去，上了船，那一夜并没有打着什么。
Simon Peter said to them, "I am going fishing." They said to him, "We will go with you." They went out and got into the boat, but that night they caught nothing.

21:4 天将亮的时候，耶稣站在岸上，门徒却不知道是耶稣。
Just as day was breaking, Jesus stood on the shore; yet the disciples did not know that it was Jesus.

21:5 耶稣就对他们说："小子！你们有吃的没有？"他们回答说："没有。"
Jesus said to them, "Children, do you have any fish?" They answered him, "No."

21:6 耶稣说："你们把网撒在船的右边，就必得着。"他们便撒下网去，竟拉不上来了，因为鱼甚多。
He said to them, "Cast the net on the right side of the boat, and you will find some." So they cast it, and now they were not able to haul it in, because of the quantity of fish.

21:7 耶稣所爱的那门徒对彼得说："是主！"那时西门彼得赤着身子，一听见是主，就束上外衣，跳在海里。
That disciple whom Jesus loved said to Peter, "It is the Lord!" When Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he put on his outer garment, for he was stripped for work, and threw himself into the sea.

21:8 其余的门徒离岸不远，约有二百肘，就在小船上把那网鱼拉过来。
The other disciples came in the boat, dragging the net full of fish, for they were not far from the land, but about a hundred yards off.

21:9 他们上了岸，就看见那里有炭火，上面有鱼，又有饼。
When they got out on the land, they saw a charcoal fire in place, with fish laid out on it, and bread.

21:10 耶稣对他们说："把刚才打的鱼拿几条来。"
Jesus said to them, "Bring some of the fish that you have just caught."

21:11 西门彼得就去，把网拉到岸上。那网满了大鱼，共一百五十三条；鱼虽这样多，网却没有破。
So Simon Peter went aboard and hauled the net ashore, full of large fish, 153 of them. And although there were so many, the net was not torn.

21:12 耶稣说："你们来吃早饭。"门徒中没有一个敢问他："你是谁？"因为知道是主。
Jesus said to them, "Come and have breakfast." Now none of the disciples dared ask him, "Who are you?" They knew it was the Lord.

21:13 耶稣就来拿饼和鱼给他们。
Jesus came and took the bread and gave it to them, and so with the fish.

21:14 耶稣从死里复活以后，向门徒显现，这是第三次。
This was now the third time that Jesus was revealed to the disciples after he was raised from the dead.

21:15 他们吃完了早饭，耶稣对西门彼得说："约翰的儿子西门，你爱我比这些更深吗？"彼得说："主啊，是的，你知道我爱你。"耶稣对他说："你喂养我的小羊。"
When they had finished breakfast, Jesus said to Simon Peter, "Simon, son of John, do you love me more than these?" He said to him, "Yes, Lord; you know that I love you." He said to him, "Feed my lambs."

21:16 耶稣第二次又对他说："约翰的儿子西门，你爱我吗？"彼得说："主啊，是的，你知道我爱你。"耶稣说："你牧养我的羊。"
He said to him a second time, "Simon, son of John, do you love me?" He said to him, "Yes, Lord; you know that I love you." He said to him, "Tend my sheep."

21:17 第三次对他说："约翰的儿子西门，你爱我吗？"彼得因为耶稣第三次对他说"你爱我吗"，就忧愁，对耶稣说："主啊，你是无所不知的；你知道我爱你。"耶稣说："你喂养我的羊。
He said to him the third time, "Simon, son of John, do you love me?" Peter was grieved because he said to him the third time, "Do you love me?" and he said to him, "Lord, you know everything; you know that I love you." Jesus said to him, "Feed my sheep.

21:18 我实实在在地告诉你，你年少的时候，自己束上带子，随意往来；但年老的时候，你要伸出手来，别人要把你束上，带你到不愿意去的地方。"
Truly, truly, I say to you, when you were young, you used to dress yourself and walk wherever you wanted, but when you are old, you will stretch out your hands, and another will dress you and carry you where you do not want to go."

21:19 耶稣说这话是指着彼得要怎样死，荣耀神。说了这话，就对他说："你跟从我吧！"
(This he said to show by what kind of death he was to glorify God.) And after saying this he said to him, "Follow me."

21:20 彼得转过来，看见耶稣所爱的那门徒跟着，（就是在晚饭的时候，靠着耶稣胸膛、问"主啊，是谁要卖你"的那门徒。）
Peter turned and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved following them, the one who also had leaned back against him during the supper and had said, "Lord, who is it that is going to betray you?"

21:21 彼得看见他，就问耶稣说："主啊，这人将来如何？"
When Peter saw him, he said to Jesus, "Lord, what about this man?"

21:22 耶稣对他说："我若要他等到我来的时候，与你何干？你跟从我吧！"
Jesus said to him, "If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you? You follow me!"

21:23 于是这话传在弟兄中间，说那门徒不死，其实，耶稣不是说他不死，乃是说，"我若要他等到我来的时候与你何干？"
So the saying spread abroad among the brothers that this disciple was not to die; yet Jesus did not say to him that he was not to die, but, "If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you?"

21:24 为这些事作见证，并且记载这些事的就是这门徒。我们也知道他的见证是真的。
This is the disciple who is bearing witness about these things, and who has written these things, and we know that his testimony is true.

21:25 耶稣所行的事还有许多，若是一一地都写出来，我想，所写的书就是世界也容不下了。
Now there are also many other things that Jesus did. Were every one of them to be written, I suppose that the world itself could not contain the books that would be written.