传奇的月光雕塑家
The Legendary Moonlight Sculptor

体积02号
Volume 02

南希松
Nam-Hi-Sung

这个被世界遗弃的男人，为金钱而奴隶，在广受欢迎的魔幻 MMORPG 世界 Continuum 中以传奇之神 of War 命名。随着他的成长，他决定道别，但为了赚取一点对时间与努力的价值感，他所做的微不足道的努力却演变成了难以想象的效果。
The man forsaken by the world, the man a slave to money and the man known as the legendary God of War in the highly popular MMORPG Continent of Magic. With the coming of age, he decides to say goodbye, but the feeble attempt to earn a little something for his time and effort ripples into an effect none could ever have imagined.

一系列的巧合，他的传奇 avatar 被以 31 亿韩元的价格售出，让他喜气洋洋，然而仅在失去几乎所有的资金给恶势力放高利贷者后，又陷入绝望。通过游戏获得金钱后，他从深渊中脱身而出，重拾必胜的信心，挺身走进由首款虚拟现实 MMORPG 领导的新一代游戏中，Royal Road 作为新通道而出现。
Through a series of coincidences, his legendary avatar is sold for 3.1 billion won, bringing great joy to him, only to plunge him into despair at losing almost all of it to vicious loan sharks. With revelation of money through gaming, he rises from the abyss with new found resolve and steps forward into the new age of games led by the first ever Virtual Reality MMORPG, Royal Road.

这是李慧 onto 成为皇帝的传奇，只因他一颗爱家人的心、没有界限的钱欲、奇思怪想、勤学苦练的身体和吃苦耐劳的本事。
This is the legend of Lee Hyun on his path to becoming Emperor with only his family loving heart, his boundless desire for money, his unexpected mind, his diligently forged body and the talent of hard work backing him.

翻译质量：一般
Estevam / dotNOVEL

第1章：神话之国
Chapter 1: Land of Myth

韩盖拉，巴伦村的长者，正面临着两难的选择。这个村庄原本位于 Rosenheim 国家的南部，曾经是一个安宁和谐的家园，居住着大约500户人家。然而，这个村庄却遭受了神秘巨龙兽的袭击，村民要么分散逃离，要么身陷囹圄，全然无处可归。
Ghandilva, the elder of Baran Village, was in quite a dilemma. The village was once a peaceful village in the southern province of Rosenheim Kingdom and was a home to about 500 households, it was then invaded by monstrous lizardmen, and the villagers had either dispersed or were taken captive.

“我想听听这个种子来自哪里。”Weed说道。
“I’d like to hear the story of where this seed comes from,” Weed asked.

格哈莉娃无色眼睛闪亮的希望。
Ghandilva’s colorless eyes shone with hope.

“即便不说出来，我也愿帮助你的人民。当无辜者被恶魔监禁，如何能 permits a fellow man to独自其道？”
“Even if you don’t tell me, I will still help your people. When innocents are held captive by evil monsters, how can a fellow man leave it alone and go his own way?”

“啊！”甘蒂娃饱含激情地高呼起来，声音里充满了喜悦。而其他人对他的求救申诉求ignore，只有位好心人主动奉献出自己的利剑，为纯真的儿童解危难。
“Oh!” Ghandilva was struck with an urge to shout for joy. While everyone else dismissed his plea for help, here was a good samaritan who willingly offered his sword for the rescue of innocents.

“达提斯拒绝了我的请求……因为我能提供的除了这个种子之外，别无他物。”甘吉尔瓦无奈地说。
“Darius-nim declined my request… because all I could offer in return was this seed,” Ghandilva dejectedly.

weed小心地说道：“谁会估量一件好事的价值呢？我无法想象。” weed答道。
Certain that Darius was already out of earshot, Weed said carefully, “Those who would weigh the value of a good deed? It is unimaginable to me.” Weed replied.

“这么伟大的人物仍存在于世间……”老者喃喃道。
“To think the world still has such great men left in it…” the elder murmured.

weed谨慎地说道：“认为一个善举的价值是多少的人，那是我所想象不到的。” weed回答道。
Certain that Darius was already out of earshot, Weed said carefully, “Those who would weigh the value of a good deed? It is unimaginable to me.” Weed replied.

“这世界上竟然还有这样的伟人存在……”老者喃喃自语。
“To think the world still has such great men left in it…” the elder murmured.

我们的眼中， casual地瞥向Ghandilva紧握的拳头。
Weed’s eyes casually turned to Ghandilva’s clenched fist.

“不管这个种子……”
“Anyways, about this seed…”

呃，这个？谁知道它会带来什么生活？
“Oh, this? I don’t know what life it bears.”

你甚至不知道它是从哪里来的吗？
“You don’t even know where it came from?”

我的祖先告诉我要尽力守护这宝贵的种子，因为它非常宝贵。他们告诉我，只有在得到一个伟大的恩惠或者给予一个勇敢的 warrior 时，才会给我这宝贵的种子。
“This seed has been passed down in my family. My ancient ancestors told me to guard it zealously, for it is invaluable. They have told me to give this only in return for a great favor or to a great warrior.”

“我明白。”一切都如two pieces终于吻合般顺利，不过即便如此，他成功的机会仍然仅有50%，也是一项不小的赌局。
“I see.” Everything clicked as if two puzzle pieces had finally fit together. Still, even then what he was planning was still a fifty-fifty chance of succeeding and was a big risk.

是 weed 指向天界的种子，还是某种随意作物的普通种子？
Was it the seed to show Weed the way to the City of Heaven, or just a plain seed of some random crop?

在无数种职业中，除了这些之外，还有园丁和农民。不难发现，他们到处也找不到。
Among countless professions in Royal Road, there are gardeners and farmers as well. Unsurprisingly, they’re too few to find anywhere.

“‘你能救活我们吗？’老人再次恳求。”
“Will you rescue my people?” the elder pleaded once more.

情境：巴颜谷遭遇怪病
Quest: The Calamity of Baran Village

巴兰是一个和平而充满生机的小村庄，直到东方边境被可怕的大怪物侵袭。当蜥蜴人入侵巴兰村时，甘吉乌拉老人来不及 saved everyone.
Baran was a peaceful and lively village, until the Eastern Border was ravaged by hideous monsters. When the lizardmen raided the village, Ghandilva the Elder didn’t have enough time to save all his people.

他脱身，带着年轻人。成年人才留下来拖延时间。邪恶的蜥蜴人俘获了 resist 的成年人，而不是处决他们，而是将他们关押在一个西方山谷的据点中。
He escaped, taking only the young. The adults decided to stay behind to stall for time. The wicked lizardmen captured the resisting adults and, instead of beheading them, enslaved them in a stronghold in the Western Valley.

救儿童父母要紧。如果时间到了，蜥蜴人对杀掉村民没有二话可说。
Rescue the parents of the children. If the time runs out, the lizardmen will show no hesitation in killing the villagers one after another.

难度等级：D
Difficulty level: D

奖励：无名的种子
Reward: A Nameless Seed

被俘人数：55
Number of captives: 55

一段难度为D级的 quest，与惩罚之手 quest 等级相当。 weed 仍然有一个A级 quest，要成功完成扎哈布的心愿，但目前他无法胜任这一任务。
A quest with D level difficulty. It was equal to the Punitive Force quest. Weed still had an A level quest that was to succeed Zahab’s will, but it was still far beyond his capabilities for the time being.

令其失望与烦恼的是，“扎哈布” quest任务占用求取窗口中的三个宝贵 quest 空间之一。这个 quest 比他做过的一切都困难，但他仔细阅读了 quest 描述多次，跳过了难度等级部分。
To his dismay and annoyance the ‘Zahab’s will’ quest took up one of the three valuable quest spaces in the quest window. This quest was more difficult than anything that Weed had ever done, but he read the quest’s description over and over, skipping the difficulty level part.

父母。韦德八岁时，他的父母永远离开了他。从此以后，他只记得那些贷债人欺压他最黑暗的时光了。
Parents. The memory of Weed’s parents ceased when he was eight years old. Since then, he could only summon up the darkest hours of his life, when the loan sharks had bullied him.

“这便成了我唯一的遗产。”他暗自想到。
‘It was the only legacy left to me.’ he thought bitterly.

weed 缺乏双亲，他愿意付出任何代价带回他们以生命。
Still, Weed missed his father and mother. He would pay any price to bring them back to life if it were possible.

当这位潜在的救世主沉浸于沉思时，格汉丽瓦紧张地问道：
As the would-be savior was deep in thought, Ghandilva fretted and asked,

“我猜你不满意奖金？” 他带着忧虑的语气问。
“I suppose you’re not satisfied with the reward?” he asked worriedly.

“一旦我的村庄恢复，我们会在未来分期偿还你的债务。”
“Once my village is restored, we will pay back your debt over time.”

“不，奖赏完全可以。这比我的所有期望还要超出很多。我将尽快完成这个 Quest。”
“No, the reward is more than fine. It is more than I could possibly ask for. I will finish the quest as soon as possible.”

你已经接受了这个 quest!
You have accepted the quest!

“感谢您。蜥蜴人正朝着我村庄的西边的山脚下进发。我期待着您的归来和好消息。”
“Thank you. The lizardmen headed toward the valley near a mountain west of my village. I will eagerly await for your return and good news.”

当甘迪瓦离开时，韦德的队友过来问候。
When Ghandilva left, Weed’s teammates came over.

“草率先生，您做了什么？”
“Weed-nim, what did you do?”

“你刚刚接受任务了吗？”
“Did you just accept the quest?”

Pale and Surka对Weed表示难以置信。他们刚刚接到了一份新任务，奖励仅仅是一颗种子。
Pale and Surka gazed at Weed in disbelief. He had just accepted a new quest that would reward them with a mere seed.

“不要问问题，然后接受我分配的任务。”
“Don’t ask questions and just accept the quest that I got.”

weed 是党事实上的领导者。 weed 说服 surka 认为一定有某种原因存在，于是 surka 走到 gandilva 达成共识，并接受了这个任务。
Weed was the de facto leader of the party. On Weed’s insistence, Surka trusted that there must be a reason, walked over to Ghandilva, and accepted the quest.

“我和Weed-nim在一起。”
“I’m with Weed-nim.”

“我们也希望能加入救援村民的行动。”
“We also want to join in rescuing the villagers.”

你的政党接受了任务。
Your party accepted the quest!

当韦德派的其他成员接受了任务，但他们并不明白背后的原因是什么。帕尔的脸转向一边困惑不解。
When the rest of Weed’s party accepted the quest, but they didn’t understand what the reason was. Pale’s head tilted to the side in confusion.

“我无法理解，为什么您放弃了惩罚性任务 quest，反而在来到这里之后选择了这个 quest。”
“I can’t understand why you gave up the punitive force quest and, instead, picked this quest after we came all the way here.”

“这次任务将提供一个巨大的机遇，如果我没错的话。即便有错误，它也将比参与惩罚队任务更好。”
“This quest will present a great opportunity if I’m not mistaken. And even if I’m wrong, it will still be better than participating in the punitive force quest.”

“你是什么意思？”
“What do you mean by that?”

“当我们 level时，用惩罚部队战斗……我们不能在经验和声名上获得多大的收获。”
“Suppose we fight the lizardmen with the punitive force… At our levels, we can’t gain much in terms of experience and fame.”

他们认同威德的见解——他们的水平远低于达里US和他的团队。
They agreed with Weed– their levels were far lower than those of Darius and his group.

他们原本对的是 cleared-out 任务，即在部队赶走矮人后进行的搜索与摧毁行动。这场大规模战役对他们来说意义不大。
They were originally interested in search and destroy missions that would take place after the troops drove the lizardmen out of town, so the large-scale battle meant little to them.

weed的团队被200名同样或更高水平的用户包围，无法发挥更大作用。
Sandwiched amid two hundred other users at similar or higher levels, Weed’s party couldn’t really do much.

“我感觉我们还是应该转投这个 Quest，”Weed说道。
“I have a hunch that we’d be better off switching to this quest,” Weed said.

“但难度等级是D……你们觉得对我们五个人来说太难了吗？”索卡说道。
“But the quest difficulty level is D… Don’t you think it’s too difficult for the five of us?” Surka asked.

“别担心，我有办法。”Weed神秘地笑了笑。
“Don’t worry, I have a plan,” Weed said mischievously.

“好，Weed-nim。我们在一起了。” Pale说坚定地。
“Okay, Weed-nim. We’re with you,” Pale said resolutely.

weed接受了甘迪瓦的请求，决定与之合作。这一决定之后，他和部下分道扬镳。很快，两位男子加入了他的阵营。他们是贝克和戴尔，属于罗森海恩军队的官员和士兵。
Weed decided to accept Ghandilva’s quest, and with this decision made, him and his party, broke away from the ranks. Soon, two men came to Weed’s party. They were Becker and Dale, Denarions officers and soldiers within the Rosenheim Army.

“军官！你去哪里？”贝克尔问道。
“Commander! Where are you going?” Becker asked.

“我们马上就要去和那个怪物战斗了。”威德带着坚定的决心说道，
“We’re just about to go off and fight the lizardmen.” Weed answered with determination,

“我们和队友一起出发，旨在解救 currently homeless儿童的父母及村民，摆脱蜥蜴人 stronghold的掌控。”
“My teammates and I are leaving to liberate the villagers, fathers and mothers of the now homeless children, from the lizardman’s stronghold.”

“那可是相当困难的一次任务！”韦德的话让贝克尔感到震惊，戴尔则露出了难以置信的表情。
“That’s quite a difficult mission!” Becker was startled by Weed’s statement. Dale looked in disbelief.

“五个人够不够完成这次任务？”达Le问道，眼中流露出忧虑的神色。
“Will the five of you be enough to accomplish this mission?” Dale asked with eyes opened wide with concern.

Dale评估了Weed的团队。他判断他们看起来比他弱，于是拍了拍胸口并表示愿意帮忙。
Dale sized up Weed’s party. He concluded that they appeared weaker than he, so he banged his chest and offered his service.

司令官，我们想支持您在这次任务中。
“Commander, we want to support you in this mission,” Dale said.

“是的，我们将会向您解释情况，获得您的许可后才会加入您。”贝克说。
“Yes. Our commander will give us permission to join you if we explain the situation to him,” Becker said.

weed与这些NPC之间建立的友谊再次显现出来。当然，按照情况，士兵们在面对叛变或无辜村民的大规模处决等情形时，即便忠诚于他们的指挥官，也不得不听从命令。
The friendship that Weed had built with these NPC’s had showed itself once again. Of course, according to the situation, there are times, such as mutiny or mass killing of innocent villagers, which would keep the soldiers from following orders regardless of their loyalty to their commander.

charisma与良好的人际关系除非得到领导者声望和地位的支持，或因正义事业的缘故，否则无法激励士兵。
Charisma and good relationships cannot motivate soldiers unless it is supported by the leader’s fame and status, or a just cause.

在戴尔和贝克看来，Weed曾勇敢地 volunte...
In the eyes of the Dale and Becker, it was regarded as a heroic act that Weed had volunteered to rescue the villagers from peril.

既然也与原始惩罚性搜捕行动密不可分，所以他们觉得有必要帮助他。然而，几秒钟的沉默之后，韦德说：“听到你们这么说，我真是感激不尽，可是这不可能。您正在接受命令前往巴兰村协助达斯- Nim将军吗？”
As it was also largely associated with the original punitive force quest, they felt justified in helping him. However, after a moment of silence, Weed said, “I am more than grateful to hear that from you both, but that is not possible. You’re currently dispatched to help Baran Village under Darius-nim, are you not?”

“人越少越好！请尽力完成任务。万一我们成功带回这些父母，可万一发现那些被救的家庭没有住处怎么办？”
“The fewer the people for this mission, the better! I ask you to do your best in your task. What if we succeed in bringing back these parents, only to find that there is no place to stay for the rescued families?”

“是的，将军。”他们回答道。
“Aye, Commander.” they replied.

贝克和德莱被说服了，他同意了拒绝。如果韦德能够借助罗森海姆军队的200名士兵的力量，将会更容易使被俘者摆脱蜥蜴人堡垒的束缚。
Becker and Dale were persuaded and gave in his refusal. If Weed could get the help of the 200 soldiers from the Rosenheim Army, it would make it easier to set the captives free from the stronghold of the lizardmen.

由于这两个人曾经为韦德服务过，因此如果他们能接受对方的支持，请求会更加容易。
This was especially the case since these two Denarion, had at one time, used to serve under Weed. The quest would be less burdensome if he had accepted their support.

他的高Charisma属性使其成为一股难以对付的力量。
His high Charisma stat could turn them into a formidable force once more.

不幸的是，允许德尼罗及其手下跟随韦德和他的一群人离开后，会有几个不利后果。一旦关于这件事的消息传到了达拉斯的耳朵里，他肯定会追问发生了什么事，这样对 weed和他的小队就不好了。幸运的是，由于 weed的小队人数较少，而且三百年来达拉斯一直是观察者，他不太可能察觉到他们正在逃离主要的惩罚部队。
Unfortunately, the downside to allowing the two Denarion and there men to follow Weed and his party, would be that Darius would quickly become aware of such a disappearance of a great number of soldiers, once news of it happened and reached Darius’ ears he would be sure to inquire into why his men were deserting his force. Which would be bad for Weed and his party. As it was, Darius probably wouldn’t notice that Weed and his small party were deserting from the main punitive force of three hundred other users.

weed和他的队友迅速前往格哈迪瓦村西部的山脉，正如文中所述。西部山脉有一种阴郁和黑喑的气息。
Weed and his teammates quickly headed for the mountain west of Baran Village, as described by Ghandilva. The Western Mountain had a gloomy and dark demeanor.

山谷中的瀑布产生的潮湿雾气为蜥蜴人创造了最佳生存环境。
A humid fog arising from waterfalls in the valley created the best conditions for the lizardmen.

我想，他们占据的领地延伸到这里了。他们的视力和观察能力有所提升。他通过努力，提升了自身的能力。对于*rangers*来说，这是至关重要的技能，因为它允许他们从距离上拦截敌人。同时，这对于分析多样的地形也有帮助。
“I think their territory extends to over here.” Pale the ranger, had improved his vision and observation skills to match with his class. For rangers it was an essential skill, since it allowed them to intercept enemies at a distance. It also helped in analyzing diverse landscapes.

Pale 正在专注于猎人阶级的被动技能，如 枪林弹雨和穿甲。这是达到猎人阶级第二个职衔的最 短捷路径。
Pale was concentrating on the ranger’s passive skills, such as Rapid Fire and Penetration. As it was the easiest path up to the second job of the ranger class.

meantime，weed（ weed 是雕塑家），平均来说，在剑法上比其他人更强，要感谢他的雕塑技巧和扎哈布的雕刻刀。扎哈布（zahab）拥有强烈正义感，带领大家进行剑术表演。
Meanwhile Weed, whose class was a sculptor, was stronger than the others on average in sword mastery, thanks to his sculpture mastery and Zahab’s sculpting knife.

“是的，我想蜥蜴人已经渡过了东边界，并在这里扎了营。”威特简短地应道，正在观察着周围。这片地方被称作山谷，但它比大多数地方都要宽广得多。他们在担心蜥蜴人可能会从树林中突袭他们而感到战栗。
“Yes, I think the lizardmen crossed the Eastern border and camped here.” Weed answered shortly, studying the landscape. It was called a valley, but it was larger than most. They were trembling in trepidation that the lizardmen could surprise them from the surrounding forest.

最终，他们遇到了这些蜥蜴人战士。一组约有5名蜥蜴人作为警卫，它们形似双足巨蜥，皮肤滑腻且略带绿色。他们的等级大约是60级。
Finally, they encountered the lizardmen warriors. There were 5 lizardmen in a small group acting as sentries. The reptiles resembled giant lizards on two feet with slippery, greenish skin. Their level was around sixty.

“啊，真糟糕。”罗摩娜说。
“Ew, gross,” Romuna remarked.

他们两个都没置可。 monsters通常令人讨厌和难看。但是，它们几乎不吓唬他。
Weed could not disagree with her. Monsters in general were repulsive and unsightly. Yet, they hardly scared him.

‘我准备使用和对付那小妖一样的策略。’ weeds 思考着，看着那些妖怪。
‘I’ll just use the same strategy as I did on the goblins.’ Weed thought as he was sizing them up.

蜥蜴人等级大致高出10级，但他们是野性 monster。处于地洞或夜晚的 monster 更强大且给予更多经验。总体而言，蜥蜴人的实力与矮人相当，若要相提并论，则需以更复杂的方式进行比较。
The lizardmen levels were roughly higher by ten, than those of the goblins, but they were field monsters. Monsters in dungeons or at night were 50% stronger and give more experience. Overall, the lizardmen strength was similar to that of the goblins if you had to compare them.

我们队使他获得了一柄铁剑，代替了他弓箭的使用。
Weed equipped himself with the iron sword, instead of his bow.

他一直忙着烹饪饭菜，远离战场久久不能合休。
He had been so busy with cooking meals and selling statues, and away from the battlefield for so long that his body was itching for blood.

“现在我可以用其中一招剑术了。”他心中暗想，嘴角勾起一抹残暴的笑意。
‘Now I can try one of the sword techniques.’ he thought back with a vicious grin.

下面列出的五个动作在技能书中均有记载：
The five movements recorded in the skill books were as follows:

帝皇无型剑法
Skill: Imperial Formless Sword Technique

第一型：三元
The First Form: Triple

你以splendor的美丽，连续三次打击敌人。随着技能的提升，你的攻击次数和伤害都会增加。
With splendor, you strike an enemy three times consecutively. As the skill improves, the number of strikes and damage increases.

mana消耗：300
Mana Consumption: 300

二次形式：背刺
The Second Form: Backstab

你迅速向敌人背后移动，并反击他的后方。
You instantly move behind an enemy and strike his back.

mana消耗：400
Mana Consumption: 400

第三形式：权力分裂
The Third Form: Power Break

你使用五倍攻击力量击败敌人武器。
You destroy an enemy’s weapon by using five times your attack power.

mana消耗：600
Mana Consumption: 600

第四形式：少林舞
The Fourth Form: Sword Dance

你以舞蹈般的动作攻击敌方的薄弱环节。
You aim at an enemy’s vulnerable spot in a dance-like motion.

消耗 mana：1000
Mana Consumption: 1000

第五形式：大剑者
The Fifth Form: Sword Kaiser

你与你的剑和谐共鸣。将所有的法力凝聚于一点爆发出来。法力消耗尽，若你的法力低于2000点，则会降低你的健康值。
You harmonize with your sword. Concentrate all of your mana and explode into a single point. Mana is consumed to zero, and if the amount of mana is below 2000, your health will be reduced as well.

“一个脚印”是一种迅速躲避敌人攻击的主动战斗技巧，共有七步。
The one footstep technique was an active combat skill to dodge an enemy attack with seven swift steps.

长剑术中的每个形式都以独特的名字命名。
Weed nicknamed each form in the sword technique individually.

第一个形式命名为Triple，其余的分别是后 stabbing、权力 breakdown、剑操和剑王。
The first form was named Triple, and the rest, Backstab, Power Break, Sword Dance, and Sword Kaiser, respectively.

Weed 的 mana 总计 940 点，得益于peror 的 药方。他 可以 使用 Tripple 三次、背刺两次，以及仅一次 Power Break。
Weed’s mana totaled 940 points thanks to the Emperor’s Medicine Tablet. He could execute the skill Triple three times, Backstab twice, and Power Break only once.

超越第五形式的挑战对于他来说变得不可能，因为没有足够的 mana 维持更高的形式。他可以依靠 mana 自由激活 Sword Kaiser 形式，但仅凭一次尝试冒生命危险是不明智的。
Moves beyond the third form were out of the question because his mana could not even sustain them. He could activate the fifth form, Sword Kaiser, without mana, but it was too adventurous to gamble his life on a single attempt.

他将技能书中的脚印标记为“七天仙步”，仅此一次施展便耗费了100点 mana。幸运的是，一旦启动，至少能维持一分钟之久。
He labeled the footstep from the skill book as ‘Seven Celestial Step’. It alone consumed 100 mana. Fortunately, it lasted at least a minute once it was activated.

“让我看看我能做些什么。”
‘Let’s see what I can do.’

没战过一次， weed 既然学习了无上神威长刀法。
Weed hadn’t fought once since learning the Imperial Formless Sword Technique.

“在阳光明媚的白天，他们比不上他们应该有的那种战斗力，” weeds对队友们低声说道，“蜥蜴人能够在沼泽地里充分发挥自己的战斗能力，但在山谷里就远远不如了。我先打，灭了他们。”
“In broad daylight, they are not as strong as they’re supposed to be,” Weed said to his teammates in a low voice, “The lizardmen can fight to the best of their abilities in swamps, but they’re far weaker in a valley. I’ll go first and fight them.”

在干燥的环境中适应了的人类，比如有毒蛇和沙虫，在沙漠或极其干燥的地方是力大无比。蜥蜴人，它们的自然栖息地是在沼泽地，却被晒得疲惫无力。
Monsters that have adapted to a dry climate, such as poisonous scorpions and sandworms, are at their strongest in the desert or very hot and dry areas. The lizardmen, whose natural habitats are swamps, were weakened in the open.

仍然，他的队友感到惊讶。Weed 刚才建议他们 assault 狡 radix 的据点。
Still, his teammates were surprised. Weed had just suggested they assault the stronghold of the lizardmen.

他们一直跟随在背后，但他们是希望他有一个办法可以击败比他们多的这些蜥蜴人。
They had been following him to this point, but they counted on him to have a scheme to overwhelm the lizardmen, who outnumbered them.

“等一下，Weed！我们真的可以直接走进他们据守的地方吗？”帕尔问。
“Wa-wait a sec Weed! Can we really just walk into their stronghold?” Pale asked.

“是的，可以。”Weed应道。
“Yes, we can,” Weed replied.

“但这个 quest 的难度级别是 D……” 泼le说道。
“But this quest has a difficulty level D…” Pale said.

“对于难度等级D，那里至少有八百名蜥蜴人驻扎在那里。我是正确的吗？”Weed问道。
“For the difficulty level D, at least eight hundred lizardmen are encamped over there. Am I correct?” Weed asked.

Pale 花了点神思打量一下 weed。
Pale nodded dumbly at Weed.

“八百，大概。”
“Eight hundred, give or take.”

“我敢肯定，我们接受古迪尔瓦的请求时就是这样。但大阿里斯来帮助我们了。”
“I’m sure that was exactly the case when we accepted Ghandilva’s request. But we have Darius helping us out.”

“达里乌斯正在帮助我们吗？”帕莱困惑地问。
“Darius is helping us out?” Pale asked confused.

当 Pale 摇动着头表示困惑时，Weed 为他的队友分发了小号 Flask。
While Pale shook his head in puzzlement, Weed distributed tiny flasks to his other teammates.

“这是什么？不是一种药剂吗？”罗摩娜问。
“What’s this? Isn’t it a potion?” Romuna asked.

“这是我们在离开 Citadel 之前准备的一杯饮品，我从药店以便宜的价格买了一些空罐子。”Weed说道。
“This is a drink I brewed right before we left the Citadel. I bought empty flasks from a pharmacy at a cheap price,” Weed said.

“你们现在就发给他们——苏拉卡说。
“Why are you giving them out now–” Surka said.

“先喝它，你就会看到。”
“Drink it first, and you’ll see,” Weed said.

草 greedy地喝下了饮料。
Weed gulped down the drink.

You have drunk: 白兰地中的活力
You have drunk: Brandy of Vitality

效果：
Effects:

健康加100
+100 Health

+10 强度
+10 Strength

减少伤害时的疼痛感。
Decreases your sense of pain in case of an injury.

杂草的队友喝光了试剂瓶， looks astounded.
Weed’s teammates emptied the flasks and looked stunned.

“真的喝不起这个 brandy 了……”爱丽斯说。
“Can’t believe this brandy did…” Irene said.

苏卡最近刚满法定饮酒年龄，因而对酒精尤其敏感。尽管如此，她被酒香吸引，一饮而尽，发现那甜津津的滋味还蛮有意思的。
Surka had recently reached the legal drinking age, so she was particularly susceptible to alcohol. Drawn to the fragrance of the brandy, though, she drank it to the last drop and found the pleasant sweetness rather tasty.

“它们并没有长时间发酵，所以效果有限。不过呢，你完全可以放心地和正餐搭配饮用而不至于醉酒。”Weed说道。
“It wasn’t fermented for a long time, so the effect is limited. The upshot is, though, you can drink it with meals without hangovers,” Weed said.

草mann，喝完雪莉酒后，已经朝着他所猜测的蜥蜴人战士们所在的方位行进。
Weed, who had finished drinking the brandy, was already moving toward where he presumed the lizardmen warriors were stationed.

大流斯觉得自己走好运了。如果不是他，就不可能被分配到这样的稀有的任务，比如说带领行刑部队。
Darius counted himself lucky. If not, he could not have been assigned to such a rare quest such as leading the punitive force.

惩罚性探索团前往巴伦村。这将提升他的声望到一个更高的层面。声望达到更高层次必然伴随着诸多好处， quest 也并非例外。
The punitive force quest bound to Baran Village. It could elevate his fame to a higher level. A higher level of fame was accompanied by many benefits, and quests were no exceptions.

“他有机会 meets 一些杰出的人物担任关键职位，否则他本无法遇到，并容易获取更多的高风险、高回报的机会。”
He could meet distinguished figures in key positions that he would have been denied to him otherwise, and easily gain more high-risk, high-return quests.

面对着一支有三百兵力的军队，达拉斯已经把自己视为一种将领。由他领导的惩罚性部队终于到达巴南村附近。
With three hundred troops under his thumb, Darius already viewed himself as some sort of an army general. The punitive force that was led by him finally arrived in the vicinity of Baran Village.

木制篱笆用来拦截怪兽已经倒塌，每户人家的大门都被踹开并损坏。
The wooden fences, which had been set up to keep monsters out, had collapsed, and the door of every home had been kicked in and broken.

军隊俯视着从 hills的上方看到了现场。在村庄里,军Team没有发现任何怪物,但他们都无法放松心情。达鲁斯转身问了一个 comrades。
The troops looked at the scene from over the hill. There wasn’t a single monster to be seen in the village, but they couldn’t relax. Darius turned and asked one of his comrades.

“帕罗，去侦察一下区域。”
“Parros, go scout the area.”

“好的。在这里等我回来。”
“Okay. Stay here and wait until I get back.”

帕洛斯是一个小偷。他动作敏捷、善于观察，在村庄里迅速潜入。大约一个小时内，他返回，带着疲惫的呼吸说：“有上百名‘蜥蜴人’藏在里面！他们正在等待我们靠近。”
Parros was a thief. With extremely high agility and observation skills, he swiftly slipped in the village. About an hour or so later, he returned, panting, and reported, “There are hundreds of lizardmen hidden inside! They’re waiting for us to come closer.”

“他们正寻求一场混乱的战斗。”达拉 Nu 低声说道。
“They’re aiming for a chaotic battle.” Darius muttered.

达提的双眼寒光闪烁。显然，这些比他军队多得多的蜥蜴人正试图将他的部队缩减至一场大规模的正面冲突。另一方面，达提也欢迎这种战斗。
Darius’ eyes gleamed icily. Obviously, the lizardmen, outnumbering his troops, were trying to reduce them to a full-scale melee. On the other hand, he also welcomed this kind of combat.

希拉斯和他所在的集团，能够处于军队中拥有最高水平的所有人之列。
In the climax of confusion of the battle, Darius and his group having the highest levels among the troops could score the most kills, and as a result, would get the most glory.

“预先知道的埋伏不等于埋伏。直接冲向巴拉村吧！”
“An expected known ambush is not an ambush. Just charge ahead to Baran Village!”

部队直捣村中。突然间，躲在房屋里的蜥蜴人纷纷冲出，象一道鳞片状的潮汐涌动。
The troops stormed to the village. Suddenly, all of the lizardmen that were hidden in the houses came crashing out like a scaly tidal wave.

“人类！”
“Humans!” They hissed.

蜥蜴人，本是肌肉强健的爬行动物，一手持盾，另一手挥刀。
The lizardmen, who were basically muscular reptiles, held a shield in one hand and swung a blade in the other.

多数用户对冲在他们面前的这些剧 crawling 大惊小怪。达拉斯决定不告诉他们那里的剧藏着一些。杀死一个剧战士，达拉斯暗自嘀咕道，“我需要的不是那些弱肉强食的。我只要那些忠诚于我的强者。为什么跟那些 weaklings 一起分享经验与名利？”
Most users were shocked by the amount of lizardmen charging toward them. Darius had decided not to inform them that the lizardmen were hiding there. Beheading a lizardman warrior, Darius grumbled to himself under his breath, “I don’t need the weak. All I want is the strong who are loyal to me. So, why share experience and fame with these weaklings?”

达拉斯特意采用了这些战术，为此冒险了大量人员伤亡的风险，仅仅是因为他担心如果这些EXP和 Fame 平等地分配给另外的 300 名用户，他的份额会因此被稀释。
Darius used these tactics on purpose, at great risk of heavy casualties, solely because he was concerned that his share of EXPs and fame would be reduced if they were equally distributed amongst the other three hundred user.

在 Rosenheim 部队跟随达瑞斯的将是士兵们。他们的统帅是爵士·约万内斯。
The soldiers in Rosenheim Army followed Darius from behind. Their commander was Sir Jovantes.

当骑士意识到自己处于群架战斗之中，被来自各个方向的巨齿兽包围时，他大喊道：“站好ground！以排为圆形，发起反击！”
When the knight realized they were trapped in a melee, surrounded by lizardmen who were leaping out from all directions, he shouted, “Stand your ground! Form a circle by platoons, and fight back!”

十名士兵组成的作战分队开始搭建圆形的人造篱笆，这是罗森海姆军队特有的阵地布置方式。该分队的领头人是多纳埃里昂人，例如贝克和霍斯拉姆。
Platoons of ten soldiers began to build circular human fences, the signature battle formation for Rosenheim Army. The platoon leaders were Denarions, such as Becker and Hosram.

进入防御队列！
“Going into defensive formation!”

‘坚守防线！’
‘Taking defensive formation!”

“同样给我们！”霍斯拉姆对他的士兵喊道。
“Same for us!” Hosram yelled to his men.

几乎所有的威斯特人接受过教育后，都做出了同样的决定。先防御再说！只有贝克尔与众不同，“我们去拿他们！”他大声喊道。
Almost all of the Denarions who had been educated by Weed made the same decision. Defense comes first! Only Becker stood out, “Let’s go get ‘em!” he roared.

Rosenheim 战士正在设置防御圆形阵型，吸引了蜥蜴人进入了蜂巢般的排列。
The Rosenheim soldiers who were forming defensive circles distracted and lured lizardmen into a honeycomb formation.

他们封锁了敌人，敌人冲入了一个由无数错综复杂的通道组成的迷宫。
They locked down the enemy, who charged into a maze of endlessly twisting passages.

贝克及其10名士兵从防御圈内外突然出现，杀死了迷路的巨脚兽。
In and out of the defensive circles, Becker and his ten troops emerged from nowhere and butchered the lizardmen who got lost.

随着Weed接近蜥蜴人战士，他们通常会发出它们习惯的粗鲁哀鸣。
As Weed approached the lizardman warriors, they let out their usual aggressive shrieks.

“愚蠢的人类！你们要来死吗？”
“Foolish humans! You come to die?!”

五个穿着甲胄的蜥蜴人战士向他冲来，手持利刃。每个蜥蜴人的战斗等级较低，但 thanks to their数量，弥补了等级上的不足。
The five lizardmen warriors charged toward him, brandishing their blades. The level of each lizardman was low, but it was compensated by their number.

如果weed被他们围住，他必须从各个方向与他们对峙，使他的处境不利。
If Weed was encircled by them, he had to face each of them from all directions putting him in a disadvantageous position.

他很有信心。他在训练大厅里一个星期内强化了四十项体力和敏捷性。
Weed was confident though. He had raised forty points of strength, agility and vitality for a month in the Training Hall.

如果你听到了这件事，你可能会觉得这是一项很简单的事。然后，你会疑惑为什么别人没这样做呢？
If you heard about it, you would probably think it was a simple thing to do. Then, you would wonder why no one else did the same thing.

拥有更高的属性，捕捉怪物变得更加容易。但请仔细考虑一下。 months of torturing a scarecrow.整个月都这么熬着，会不会忍耐不住，承受不了？
With higher stats, it’s much easier to hunt monsters. But think about it carefully. It takes one whole month of beating the living hell out of a scarecrow. One looong month. Would you be able to tolerate the boredom and physical hardship?

如果你每天工作二十个小时，那么它将在一个月内累积到六百小时。
If you do it for twenty hours a day, it will add up to six hundred hours within a month.

在持续的疼痛中不断重复相同的动作，感觉肌肉被同时挤压和燃烧，即使是职业运动员也不会如此剧烈。
You have to repeat the same action continuously while in constant pain, which feels as if your muscles are being squeezed and burned at the same time, and even professional athletes don’t go that far.

专业运动员一般每天最多只专注于锻炼5个小时。weed经历的锻炼量相当于平均运动员120天。
Professional athletes in general spend no more than five hours a day on just focusing on exercising. Weed had been through 120 days’ worth of exercise that an average athlete would do.

如果从另一个角度思考，相当于每天坚持锻炼一小时去健身房两年。
If you look at it from a different perspective, it’s equivalent to earnestly working out for an hour every day in a fitness club for two years.

很少有人愿意为此付出如此多的时间，以提高几个项目的40分。
There weren’t many people who would sacrifice so much time in order to raise forty points of several stats.

Weed 完成课程仅用一个月，展现其perseverance。他还有未曾尝试过的剑术。他反而欢迎蜥蜴人。
The fact that Weed finished the course in only one month exemplifies how persevering he was. He also had the sword techniques that he hadn’t tried before. He rather welcomed the lizardmen.

weed 和 surka 身上肩负着迎击那群进攻的巨龙战士。由于他们所属的阵营里没有勇者或骑士，所以这两人不得不担当肉盾的角色。
Weed and Surka were standing on the front-line to confront the charging lizardmen. Given that their party lacked a warrior or a knight, those two had to take the role of the melee fighter.

“呃，咱们说 weed-nim 好吧。”Surka说道。
“Eh, well, Weed-nim,” Surka said.

“是吗？” 瓦特回问。
“Yes?” Weed asked back.

“如果我死了，请你保重身体。”
“If I die, please save yourself.”

Surka看了五条蜥蜴人，悲观地。
Surka looked pessimistic in the face of the five lizardmen.

“别担心，Surka-nim。如果有任何一人下线，我第一个上线。作为我也会长抓他们出来。”Weed自信地说。
“Don’t worry, Surka-nim. If any of us go down, I’ll be the first. As I will be the one to aggro them,” Weed said confidently.

“草叉，你是雕刻家。哦，顺便问一句，你是什么水平？”Surka问道。
“Weed-nim, you’re a sculptor. Oh, by the way, what’s your level?” Surka asked.

“是的，68岁。”
“It’s 68.” he answered.

草率地，蜥蜴人之间有缝隙。
Weed briskly plunged into an opening in between the lizardmen.

“注意！”，苏拉卡说道。
“Watch out!” Surka said.

他的突然行动使队友陷入无头苍蝇的混乱，但他却表现得镇定。
His sudden action threw his teammates into utter confusion, but he was composed.

“天外七仙印！” weed 发出一声怪叫。
“Seven Celestial Footstep!” Weed cried.

他自信地运用了他命名的一项技巧，一种以七步独特、不可预测的战术躲避敌人攻击的方法。
He confidently activated the footstep technique that he had named, a skill to dodge enemy attacks with seven eccentric, unpredictable steps.

他 courageously advanced, vanishing instantly before a lizardman, then reappearing to his right the very next second.
Charging forward, he suddenly disappeared right in front of a lizardman, and emerged on the right of it the next second.

“首先，三连击！”韦德大喊。
“First form, Triple!” Weed cried.

我们 weed 趟在摇晃，他的刀划出一道道弧线。三个身影同时攻击 lizardman 的身体的不同部位：下腹、胸中和上身。
Weed moved dizzyingly and swung his sword. Three silhouettes struck the lower, middle and top part of the lizardman’s body at the same time.

巨蜥比小怪兽更强大。它们的身体具有爬行动物的柔韧性和高速移动能力，总体攻击能力不算突出，但那层令人不安的绿色鳞片是最可怕的。
The lizardmen were stronger than goblins. Their body had the flexibility of reptiles, and high speed. Their overall attack power wasn’t that impressive, but what was terrifying was their greenish scaly hide.

这层粗糙的鳞壳是它们自己防御的屏障，而且他们连盔甲都穿着自己的战利品，从其他种族掠夺而来，因此更是难以对付。
The thick scaly hide was a defense of its own, and they were even wearing plundered armor that they had looted from other races, which made them even more difficult to deal with.

毒虫的技巧伤到了蜥蜴人，它一边痛哭不止。到目前为止它只保有20%的生命力，随时可能死亡。【技能名称】 Pale the ranger's signature skill: Power Shot(  瑞恩之箭  )的 mana消耗为25点。
Damaged by Weed’s skill, the lizardman cried heavily in pain. It had so far lost 80% of its health and was near death. Mana consumption for Power Shot, Pale the ranger’s signature skill, was 25 points.

相比而言，Weed的技能属于 mana drain 类型，但即使其 mana drain 达到 300 点，其效果与 drain 一样具有致命性。
Compared to that, Weed’s skills were mana drain sinks. However, as much as it was a mana drain of 300, its power was just as deadly as the drain.

苏卡紧邻weed，目不转睛地注视着这一切。到目前为止，她已经和 weeds 进行过数十次交锋，可这还是头一遭……
Surka, right beside Weed, watched the whole scene unfolding before her eyes. She had gone through a number of battles with him to date, but nothing like this…

因为他杀了狼并且救了他的队友，他一直是他们当中的领袖。从他成为雕刻家的时候起，他就开始做饭了。
Since he killed the wolf and saved his teammates selflessly, he had been the leader of their party. Ever since he became a sculptor, he had started cooking.

整个情况令人费解，但似乎他的战斗能力并没有消失。
The whole thing was incomprehensible enough, but it seemed that his combat ability had not vanished.

“我不知道是什么技能，但那太牛了！”
‘I don’t know what skill it was, but that was awesome!’ Surka thought.

她感觉就好像三个利剑同时刺穿了一个蜥蜴人，当weed使用Triple时几乎同时出现。
She felt as if three swords pierced the lizardman almost at the same time when Weed used Triple.

“我输定了！”
‘I can’t lose to him!’

索卡挥拳打向已经受到 weeds 攻击的蜥蜴人。她想要现在就灭掉其中一个。那个蜥蜴人因为被Triple攻击击中而神智模糊，无法躲开她的拳头。
Surka punched the lizardman that Weed had already attacked. She wanted one of them down for now. The lizardman had fallen, stunned by his Triple attack, so it could not avoid her punch.

“影速 fist！”（友万韩国）。
“Rapid Shadow Fist!” (Yon-hwan-kwon).

由于敌人等级高于苏卡，她开始时使用了最强技能。握紧拳头，连续抛出了五个重拳。
Since the enemy had a higher level than Surka, she used her best skill to begin with. Clenching her fist, she threw five jabs in a row.

她目前在阴风双击（Yon-hwan-kwon）上的造诣已达65%。
It was a basic, yet one of the most popular, combat skill for monks. Her expertise rating in Rapid Shadow Fist (Yon-hwan-kwon) was already at 65%.

被击中胸口及 solar plexus 的蜥蜴人化作一道灰光。
The lizardman that was hit on the chest and the solar plexus turned into a gray flash.

“什么？！”
“What the?!”

苏卡短暂感到震惊，尽管她正处于激烈的战斗之中。
Surka was petrified for a moment due to shock, even though she was in the middle of a fierce battle.

“当然，它震惊了。但是它是怎么死的呢？”
“Sure it was stunned. But why did it die so quickly?”

在懵懂状态下，怪物无法移动，并且受到的伤害是普通攻击的两倍。
In stunned mode, a monster is unable to move, and is damaged twice as much when hit.

Surka仍感有失公允，认为一个等级六十的变种人没想到会被她的拳击轻易击败。
Still, Surka felt cheated that a lizardman, who at level sixty, was so easily knocked out by her punches.

其他的蜥蜴人也没有闲着，他们也在忙碌。当他们的同伴被攻击时，他们咆哮着愤怒地。四个攻击手段几乎是同时飞向Weed，使得他们几乎没有机会逃脱。
The other lizardmen were not idling away, either. When their comrade was attacked, they roared in fury. Four blades were flying toward Weed almost at the same time, cutting off every possible option for dodging.

不过，他的身体却像是随风摇曳的芦苇，被划出三道口子的铁丝划伤了头、腿和肩部。最后一道铁丝刺入他的胸膛，虽然没有躲过它，但却导致他受了较重的伤。
However, his body evaded like a reed in the wind. Three of the blades barely scraped his head, leg and shoulder. The last one that he could not dodge cut into his side, leaving a lengthy wound, but the damage was lessened to one third.

你损失了350健康点！ (-350HP)
You have lost 350 Health Points! (-350 HP)

对于雕刻阶级来说，除禁止穿戴铁制重甲外，还有其他严厉的惩罚措施。
One of many penalties for the sculptor class is that they are not allowed to wear heavy armor made of iron.

不含铁的金属组件通常难以抵挡防御，除非它们是不含铁的特殊材料制造或经由一种永久魔法的保护。
Defensive gears made of non-metals are typically weak in defense unless they are made of special materials or enchanted with a permanent spell.

尽管韦德穿着一件基本款合成革背心，是从旧衣服市场花 cheap money 购买的，即使他不不小心打中了他一次，也可能致命。
Though Weed was wearing a basic leather jacket that he had bought at a really cheap price from a second-hand store, even a single strike on him could be deadly if he wasn’t careful…

“雕刻刀片！”
“Sculpting Blade!”

草的剑，被 translucent 的闪光所包裹，转向其中一位蜥蜴人。这次，它靶向的是看起来又结实的一根脖子。
Weed’s sword, enveloped in a translucent flash, sailed toward one of the lizardmen once again. It was targeted at the neck that looked pretty sturdy.

*皮尔斯*
*Pierce*

这也是Weed标志性的技术之一，精准击中了关键时刻的关键部位！
It was another one of Weed’s signature skills that was aimed at a vital spot with great timing!

关键一击！
CRITICAL HIT!

盲形刀 忽略敌方防御 击敗巨脚人。仅有的缺点是其消耗了大量生命力.倘若不是这样，他每次都该使用它。
The Sculpting Blade, ignoring the enemy’s defense, and dealt great damage to the lizardman. The only flaw was that it consumed an enormous amount of mana. Had that not been the case, he would have used it every time.

沿来罗莫娜的咒语。“火球！”她大喊。
Along came Romuna’s spell. “Fire strike!” she yelled.

火球劈成四块，在空中分裂，击中了巨形龙人。法术的副作用是推挤敌人后退，暂时给予近战型战斗者一个宝贵的机会来喘息。
A pillar of flame split into four fireballs in the air, and struck the lizardmen. The side effect of the spell was to push the enemy back, temporarily giving melee fighters a precious break to catch their breath.

“火属性箭矢！”
“Fire arrow!”

pale 使用弓箭控制了这些蜥蜴人，他的弓箭蕴含了致命的火元素。
Pale held the lizardmen in check with arrows. His arrows contained the element of fire that was fatal to them.

艾琳迅速恢复了韦德的健康。接着，她施展了一个祝福咒语。
Irene quickly regenerated Weed’s diminished health. Then, she cast a spell of holy blessing.

“女神费亚，请把圣灵的保护交给你。增强他与邪恶力量对抗的力量吧，祝福吧！”
“Goddess Freya, lay your protection of the Holy Spirit upon Weed. Strengthen him against evil powers. Bless!”

神圣祝福赋予防御与力量。无数种法术旨在提升各类属性。
Holy blessings empower defense and strength. There are countless types of spells designed to boost various attributes.

一种占卜师的水 constitution可以短暂增强力量和敏捷性。整个队伍被召唤出一位圣骑士的护念被认为非常有效。
A shaman’s voodoo art speeds up and increases strength and agility temporarily. A holy knight’s aura over an entire party is deemed pretty effective too.

但归根结底，一位高僧或祭司的祝福比什么都强。假如你长期在女高僧的祝福下与敌人作战，你会发现自己几乎毫无还手之力。
But it is ultimately a priest or priestess’ blessing that beats all in the field of buffs. If you fight for a long time under the influence of a blessing from a priestess, you will feel almost powerless without them.

伊丽ne完成了自己的原始任务后，积极投身于草药的管理中。
Once Irene finished what she was originally assigned to do, she pitched into Weed sharply.

“草man，这次太莽撞了。”
“Weed-nim, you were too reckless this time.”

我们 weed 谦逊地表示歉意。事实上，他为了体验他们的力量，有意与未受保护的龙人交战。
Weed nodded apologetically. In truth, he had fought a lizardman unprotected on purpose to experience their strength.

此外，他还对天雷无痕剑法能够造成多大的伤害产生了浓厚的兴趣。
Moreover, he had been interested in figuring out how much damage the Imperial Formless Sword Technique could deal.

他的成果超出了预期。当时Weed所拥有的所有战斗技能都要求他消耗过量的 mana，因此他无法持久作战，因为这些技能会耗尽他所能维持的 mana 量。
The outcome surpassed his expectations. Each and every one of the combat skills that Weed had at that time demanded an unsustainable amount of mana. So he couldn’t afford a prolonged fight because his combat skills simply consumed more mana that he could ever maintain.

但是，技能是小规模战斗中最重要的东西。他们赋予Weed过于夸张的力量，直到他的 mana耗尽。
But the skills were the most dominant in a small-scale battle. They gave Weed a ridiculous amount of power until his mana ran out.

随着可使用的灵力值上升，凭借他在剑术精通和手工藝精修方面更為精湛的提升，伴随剑法技能消耗量的下降，帝国无边长剑法将会展现出卓越的表现。
When the amount of usable mana increased, in accordance with level ups, and the mana consumption for sword-related skills dropped, thanks to his better expertise rating in sword mastery and handicraft skill, the Imperial Formless Sword Techniques would shine.

然而，在威德的队友眼中，他看上去太过鲁莽。他们不知道他的级别已经是六十八级，他们对他所在的雕刻家职业有所偏见，认为他不如其他同等级别的伙伴强大。
However, in the eyes of Weed’s teammates, he just looked reckless. They didn’t know that his level was sixty-eight, and they had a prejudice against the sculptor class, thinking he was weaker than his counterparts.

诚实地说，雕刻家的辩护十分可笑。除占卜班之外，雕刻家班是皇家大道中最脆弱的一个阶级。
It was true that the defense of a sculptor was pathetic. Except for spell-casting classes, the sculptor class was one of the most vulnerable ones in Royal Road.

Weed拥有雕塑刀，自从转换后，雕塑造诣的影响已完全融入他的无与伦比的攻击力量中。
Instead to balance this, Weed had the Sculpting Blade, and since his conversion, the effect of sculpture mastery had been fully blended into his unrivaled attack power.

这位脆弱的雕刻家。尽管未来尚不确定，Weed现在更像是一个造成破坏的人，而不是现在的强大力量。
A fragile sculptor. Though the future was yet unknown, Weed was more of a damage dealer than a stronger sword warrior for now.

他看着艾琳的战甲时露出微笑，他的体能已增长了二成，让他倍感舒适。
He smiled at Irene’s buffs as his strength had risen by twenty percent, and he felt clad in comfort.

你失去了230点健康值！(-250HP)
You have lost 230 Health Points! (-250 HP)

草药让一个 lizardman 再击中他一次。由于伊莉恩的圣洁保护，他所受的损伤比预期要少得多。这表明她在此时提升了他的技能水平。
Weed let one of the lizardmen strike him again. He was damaged much less due to the holy protection of Irene. It showed that she had raised her expertise rating in the skill meanwhile.

‘打猎作娱乐真让人欢喜’，他暗自心想。
‘That’s what I love about hunting as a party.’ he thought smugly.

教士和祭司在世界各地受到尊重并备受重视，他们拥有独特的才能。无论他们的技术水平如何，任何团体都渴望邀请他们。
Priests and priestesses are respected and valued everywhere for their distinct ability. Regardless of their skill level, any party is eager to invite them.

尽管艾伦在等级上略显不足，但她已精进技艺，是猎捕怪兽最为不可或缺的 assets。
Even though Irene was a bit low in her level, she had sharpened her skills and was the most necessary asset in hunting monsters.

weed 学习的止血方法仅在非战斗状态有效。尽管它仍不如女高寺手部立即 healing 的魔法。被 reproach 后，Irene 略带微笑。
The bandage skill that Weed had learned only worked when he was not in combat. Although it was still incomparable to a priestess’s Healing Hand right on the spot. After reproaching him, Irene gave a small smile.

“可别像你，weed-nim，冲撞人群。”
“But it’s just like you, Weed-nim, to charge at mobs.”

Weed从未因怪物的出现而放弃战斗，因为他身边有那些可爱的EXP！除了面对难度超出其当前水平的怪物外，Weed享受着与海量怪物交战的乐趣。
Weed never turned his back on monsters coming to get him – because in them, there were those lovely EXPs! Except for fighting monsters that he found it too difficult to face at his current level, Weed enjoyed jumping into the horde of monsters and slaying them.

他使出浑身解数在跑动，感受到自由的气息。他收集经验，升级，拾取物品，提升技能。
While moving his arms and legs like crazy, he felt the wind of freedom. He collected EXPs, leveled up, picked up items and upgraded his skills.

每一步都如此有趣，而结果总是值得他流汗流血的每一滴血。 weed过去在占 Magic 的大陆，现在依然见到 monster 就会主动上前挑战。
Each step was so much fun, and the result was always worth every drop of his sweat and blood. Previously, in The Continent of Magick, and even now, Weed was always the first man to engage with monsters at the sight of them.

“三连击！背后下马！”
“Triple! Backstab!”

一旦他的 mana再生完毕，Weed就会触发他的战斗技能。首要任务是提升技能等级。尽管消耗的 mana在被再生，但这一过程会持续下去。
As soon as his mana was regenerated, Weed triggered his combat skills. It was his priority to raise the level of his skills. Consumed mana was being refilled, anyway.

技能未成功启动！
You have failed to activate the skill!

由于他在许多战斗技能方面的技能水平接近零，因此他经常无法触发该技能。
Since his skill level in many combat skills was virtually close to zero, he often failed to activate the skill.

当剑法没有出现时，他愣住了几秒。在这短暂的时间里，Weed依靠团队力量，并继续尝试他的战术技巧。
When the sword techniques didn’t arrive, he was stunned into immobility for a few seconds. During this moment, Weed counted on his teammates and persisted in trying out his combat skills.

他庆幸有人一直在背后保护着他。他的攻击迅猛得无懈可击，在极短的时间内击败了巨脚人。
He felt comforted to know that someone was always behind his back. His unassailable attacks took care of the lizardmen in the blink of an eye.

战罢之后，他的队友们 staring at weed面带震惊之色。他们本就对直面五条巨龙感到紧张，在Surka和Pale走近任何严重险境之前，这场紧张就已经告一段落了。
When the battle was over, his teammates looked at Weed in a daze. Their tension had been high at the thought of confronting five lizardmen, but it ended even before Surka or Pale came close to any serious danger there way.

“我们 Weird Nim，那项技能…”
“Weed-nim, that skill…”

“太沉重了。”帕尔和苏卡几乎同时表示反对。
“It’s too strong.” Pale and Surka complained almost at the same time.

“哦，好吧……”韦德说。
“Uh, well…” Weed said.

“你已经升级得太多了。我不认为我们需要你们了，”罗莫娜说道。
“You’ve leveled up so much. I don’t think you really need us,” Romuna asked.

“那不是真的。”韦德摆摆手。“它至少消耗我300点法强，这是针对最弱的法术。因此我不能在连续使用三次。”
“That’s not true.” Weed shook his head. “It drains me of at least three hundred mana points, and that’s for the weakest movement. So I can’t use it more than three times in a row.”

“唉，唉！”他们齐声说道。
“Ehhhhh!?” they all said at the same time.

我们等下了冲击波 dissipate。
Weed waited for the shock to sink in.

“我总共只有两百三十分 mana 点，这意味着我根本无法尝试一次……然后，Weed-nim，你能告诉我们你还有多少 mana，因为你最多可以使用三次吗？” Pale 用困惑的语气问道。
“I only have two hundred and thirty mana points total. This means I can’t even try it once… Then, Weed-nim, can you tell us how much mana you have since you can use it three times?” Pale asked in disbelief.

“大约900多枚，”韦德说。
“A little over 900,” Weed said.

“天哪！”
“Oh my goodness!”

Pale 表达了震惊。Romuna 作为魔法师和 Irene 作为女教士拥有了大约 500 点 mana。
Pale looked shocked. Romuna the mage and Irene the priestess had around 500 mana points.

他们的 mana 点数略高于其等级，但Weed声称拥有如此庞大的 mana 让他们惊讶不已。
Their mana points were rather above their level, but the incredible amount of mana that Weed claimed to have made their jaws drop.

Weed向他们汇报了关于他的情况。将他转化为传奇月光雕刻者这一追求，完全超出了任何常规智慧的范畴。
Weed briefed them on what had happened to him. His quest in converting to the Legendary Moonlight Sculptor class was simply beyond any conventional wisdom.

用户通常在五级时选择其主族，这位男子则是在六十分左右转职为雕刻家，经历了诸多考验后。
A user selects his primary class by level five on average, and here was a man who converted to the sculptor class, at around level 60 and after weathering numerous trials.

pale长叹一声：“你不仅仅是雕刻家，还是月光雕刻家。是个小人物。我不知道你们镇上有传言说你在雕刻界很有名。”
Pale sighed, “You were not just a sculptor, but the Moonlight Sculptor. A hidden class. I didn’t know that you were also the rumored celebrity sculptor in town.”

“怀疑吗？”Weed回道。
“Rumored?” Weed asked back.

“我们听到，有人在曼苏鲁城堡制作雕像并出售。” Irene说道。
“We heard that some guy was making statues and selling them in the Citadel of Serabourg. We wanted to buy some, but we were short of cash,” Irene said.

伊丽ne对韦德产生了强烈的感觉。
Irene looked at Weed with yearning eyes. It was unmistakable what she wanted from him.

“我不算十分在意这件事，不过无论如何，我为您们每个人都准备了一个雕像。”
“I wasn’t really trying to hide it from you, but, anyway I’ll make a statue for each of you later.”

“感谢你，weed-nim！”她高兴地叫道。
“Thank you, Weed-nim!” she screamed gleefully.

“同理。”
“Same here.”

“如果您不介意，我想要一个。”帕尔说。
“I’d like to have one if you don’t mind,” Pale said.

Weed计划为团队中的每一位同志雕刻一座雕塑。
Weed promised to make a statue for every teammate in his party.

“现在我们有了足够的休息。让我们出发，再除掉一些蜥蜴人。这个任务有截止日期，所以我们最好在时间不剩时就完成它。”
“Now we have enough rest. Let’s go and kill some more lizardmen. This quest has a deadline, so we’d better finish it before it’s too late.”

烟雾中， weed 继续带领队友们击败阻碍他们前进的 lizardmen。在多数情况下， weed 开始对敌方造成 critical 损伤， Pale 和 Surka 接着上手，迅速击溃了这些阻碍。
Weed continued leading his teammates through lizardmen that got in the way. In most cases, Weed started with critical damage to the enemy, and Pale and Surka picked up where Weed left and finished them off quickly.

罗曼负责清除远处的一到两名蜥蜴人，如果人数超过他们处理能力。
Romuna was responsible for eliminating one or two lizardmen in the distance if there were more than the others could handle.

其他队员在恢复 mana 点数的同时，Weed 和 Surka 将剩余的敌人清除。他们的战术配合恰到好处。
The rest were taken down by Weed and Surka while the other teammates rested to recover some mana points. Their coordinated combat tactics were well matched.

过去，很多狐狸、狼和熊都中了他们的计，落荒而逃，留下了一片 fur 和肉，现在它们的猎物变成了那些不加防备的蜥蜴人。
In the past, lots of foxes, wolves and bears had fallen victim to them, leaving fur and meat behind them, and now the victims had switched to unsuspecting lizardmen.

猎魔人的速度远超 weed 独身作战时的节奏，与罗森海姆士兵在利沃夫 lair 中进行的清理行动形成对比的是，weed 和他的队友们采用了分队制，这意味着他们通过公平分配获得的经验点。
The pace was much faster than when Weed had hunted on his own, and by contrast with the clean-up operations in the Lair of Litvart with Rosenheim soldiers, Weed and his teammates were synchronized in a party system, which meant that earned EXPs were collected and fairly distributed among them.

weed没有必要努力给即将死亡的敌人最后一击。如果他站着不动，由于他的贡献不多，会得到一点经验值（EXP），但这并不是weed的行为。
Weed didn’t need to try to give the final blow to a dying enemy. Had he stood idly, he would have received a minimum share of EXPs due to his small contribution, but that wouldn’t be like Weed.

“哇！这些爬行动物比看上去要丰富得多，对吧？”
“Wow! These reptiles are richer than they look, aren’t they?”

Surka 发出（了）对她（们）被杀者留下的装备的感叹。战利品包括钢制护腕和背心甲胄。除此之外，他们还得到了一顶头盔。
Surka exclaimed at the sight of the items dropped by the slain lizardmen. The booty included a steel gauntlet and breast armor. Besides that, they obtained a ring.

灵力戒指
Item: Mana Ring

装备： mana增加至最大值，提升3%
Equipped: +3% Increase to maximum Mana

这是一件前所未有的事，党从未见过如此普通的戒指。
It was the first time that the party had ever seen an accessory like a ring.

“谁来拿这个？”
“Who’s going to take this?”

萨克的话一出，众人面面相觑，但 mana ring 最终落入爱伦手中，因为他们一致认为，作为主语，爱伦的 mana 更为丰富，能够为同伴提供支持。
At Surka’s words, everyone looked at each other, but the mana ring ended up in Irene’s possession since they agreed that the battles would be safer as the priestess had more mana to support the others.

党内的分摊战利品的规则是：谁拾获物品就留着自己。稀有的物品通常会按照大家的一致意见交换，而那些本来打算送给总店的普通小商品则可以自由交易。
The rule for splitting spoils in the party was whoever picked up an item kept it. A rare item often changed hands according to the general will, but miscellaneous items otherwise destined for the general store were open game.

它听上去似乎很不合理，但根据他们的党派性质，他们可以接受这一规定。如果有人被指定负责物品储存，他所能够搬运的重量将远远超出他的承重能力，因此他们选择让任何人自行携带不超过体重限制的物品。
It sounded like a very unreasonable rule, but they found it acceptable given the nature of their party. If they had chosen someone to take charge of item storage, it would easily exceed the weight limit for how much he could carry. That was why they let anyone gather items up to their weight limit.

weed和Surka在战斗中表现突出，通常会最后一个得到装备，他们深知当他们不能再携带其他装备时，战斗已接近尾声。
Weed and Surka, who were active in battles, were usually the last to pick up an item, aware that when they could not carry anything else, the battle was as good as over.

当前结构就是党的，所以真正没有太多的选择。
This was the current structure of the party so there really wasn’t much of a choice.

Once 他们 开始 斗fight后，一直打到最后。既然他们已经决定要穿透 狼人 军 防守圈 的全部，这场 战 battle 就不会停止，直到他们消灭每一个现行 的狼人。
Once they began to fight, they went all the way to the end. Since they had already decided to penetrate all the way into the stronghold of the lizardmen, the battle would not be over until they had killed every last lizardman standing.

第2章：弗雷亚女神像
Chapter 2: The Statue of the Goddess Freya

随着Weed和他的队友接近蜥蜴人的据点时，他们遇到的怪物数量急剧上升。
As Weed and his teammates came closer to the lizardmen’s stronghold, the number of monsters falling in their way increased rapidly.

我们已经击退了超过四十只蜥蜴人...
“We already took down more than forty lizardmen…”

“我们还在边境，里面还有多少人？”
“We’re still at the border. How many more do you think are gathered deep inside?”

伊丽恩和罗马诺轮流发言。但韦德只是微笑。
Irene and Romuna spoke in turn. But Weed only smiled.

“看，你们都知道蜥蜴人是群居怪物，对吗？”
“Look, you all know the lizardmen are group-living monsters, don’t you?”

“是的 weed-nim. 他们聚集在一起，比 orc 多。伊丽说。”
“Yes, Weed-nim. They herd together more than Orcs,” Irene said.

“对，他们也非常珍惜自己的领地。如果有人碰到了怎么办？”Weed问道。
“That’s right. They also protect their own territory jealously. What if someone steps over it?” Weed asked.

“他们无一例外地进行反击！”索卡说。
“They fight back without exception!” Surka said.

对，这没错。那这就是让这些蜥蜴人令人害怕的其中一点。
“That’s right. That’s what makes the lizardmen fearsome among users.”

“这意味着我们现在陷入困境了吗？”
“Doesn’t it mean we’re in trouble now?”

答案：瓦德和他的队友们正在valley里行走。他们经常在中间休息，用来恢复水晶，而且没有浪费任何能量。
Weed and his teammates were going through a valley. They often rested in the middle to recharge mana, and wasted no energy.

到此为止，他放出了谜题。
At this point, he gave away the riddle.

“我倾向于认为，在正常情况下我们会有生命危险，但对我们现在的Darius来说我们可以寄望于他。”
“I’d say we would be in danger under normal circumstances, but we can count on Darius now.”

因为Weed的戏剧性的发现，我们意识到他的自信来自哪里。
Because of Weed’s revelation, they realized where his confidence was coming from.

“你什么意思——噢，我明白了！”苏卡说道。
“What do you mean by that–oh, I got it!” Surka said.

“达拉斯真的帮我们忙。”罗马娜说，脸上还带着开心的笑容。
“Darius is really helping us out!” Romuna said with a smile on her face.

蜥蜴人的据点。
The stronghold of the lizardmen.

到现在他们应该已经fighting viciously against惩罚部队 who had intrusion their territory。
By now they should have been fighting viciously against the punitive force who had invaded their territory.

换句话说，营地几乎会被遗弃，只有寥寥几名蜥蜴人战士把守。
In other words, the base camp would be nearly abandoned, and only guarded by a handful of lizardman warriors.

Weed 曾猜测，附近村庄被掠夺的珍宝在那边也是堆在那里。
At the sometime, Weed guessed that the treasures that the lizardmen had plundered from nearby villages were stacked over there as well.

他为了完成甘迪娃的使命而在西部峡谷攀登，他的真实意图一直被隐藏。
He was climbing the western valley in order to accomplish Ghandilva’s quest, but his real agenda was hidden.

“从现在起，我们将面临更困难的敌人。咱们现在诱他们一下吗？”韦ed问。
“We will face a more difficult enemy from this point on. How about baiting them now?” Weed asked.

“罗杰！”
“Roger!” Surka said.

“我们应该小心。我们不能一次让许多蜥蜴人对我们发起攻击。”威德说道。
“We should be careful. We can’t allow many lizardmen to take on us at once,” Weed said.

苏卡一一出色地引诱着这些蜥蜴人。她的非凡敏捷让她得以单独引诱敌人。
Surka did a great job baiting lizardmen one by one. Her outstanding agility helped her lure the enemy separately.

“快点，你们这些丑陋的爬行动物！”她叫他们过去。
“Come on, you ugly reptiles!” she called out to them.

人，我们杀你！愤怒的龙骑人迅速追赶后山卡，weed Pale迅速将弓箭装入Theirbows，瞄准了龙骑人并射杀他们。
“Human, we kill you!” The furious lizardmen quickly gave chase after Surka. Weed and Pale quickly loaded arrows into their bows, targeted the lizardmen and shot them.

当韦德每次只射一只箭， pale 则一次射出多支箭，箭速之快令其双手几不可见。
While Weed shot one arrow at a time, Pale shot multiple arrows so fast that his hands were almost invisible.

他们的弓箭技艺水平差距并不小，尤其是 Pale 其他技能带来的影响。
Their skill levels in archery made a fair difference, not to mention the effects of Pale’s other skills.

Weed 的弓箭技艺已超越其整体水平，他通过对咕噜兽的精准狙击使自己的能力提升了一筹，然而要与 Pale 一较高下实在难分高下，因为 Pale 双手曾全程握紧其bows。
Weed’s archery had advanced beyond his overall level as he had sniped at the goblins, yet he could not possibly rival Pale whose hands had never left his bow.

对于 Pale，即使在第一支箭射中目标之前，第二支箭已经准备就绪并发射出去。
For Pale, even before an arrow hit a target, the next arrow was already loaded and launched.

从五级开始，当他转为猎人技能后，他不断升级链 shot 和穿透技，使他的箭矢更具威力。
Since level five, when he converted to the ranger class, he had been upgrading the Chain Shot and Penetration skills, which rendered his arrows more powerful.

草药箭射向蜥蜴人，直到它们离他太近。尽管造成的伤害不高，但他在射箭方面的评级依然有所提升。
Weed shot arrows until the lizardmen got too close to him. The damage was low, yet his expertise rating in archery improved nonetheless.

他的性格不允许他坐以待毙，消极等待敌人进攻。
No, the bottom line was that his temperament didn’t allow him to sit back and wait for his enemy.

为什么我应该等EXP到来？敌军到来吗？
Why should I wait for EXPs, no, I mean, the enemy to come?

他热爱战斗，他就是再难也打不倒。他已经无法阻挡了。
Weed loved to fight, he just never got tired of it. He was unstoppable now.
